<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <title>Python Software Foundation Board Meeting Minutes 2006-03-13</title>
  <meta name="keywords" content="None" />
  <meta name="description" content="None" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Community Events"
        href="http://www.python.org/channews.rdf" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Recipes"
        href="http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Cookbook/Python/index_rss" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Usergroup News"
        href="http://python-groups.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Screencasts"
        href="http://www.showmedo.com/latestVideoFeed/rss2.0?tag=python" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Podcasts"
        href="http://www.awaretek.com/python/index.xml" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Foundation News"
        href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Enhancement Proposals"
        href="http://www.python.org/dev/peps/peps.rss" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" id="screen-switcher-stylesheet"
        href="/styles/screen-switcher-default.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="sc&#82;een"
        href="/styles/netscape4.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
        href="/styles/print.css" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/largestyles.css" title="large text" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/defaultfonts.css" title="default fonts" />

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search under the www.python.org Domain"
        href="/search-pysite.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Wiki"
        href="/search-pywiki.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within Python Books at Google Book Search"
        href="/search-pybooks.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Documentation"
        href="/search-pydocs.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for a Module in the Standard Library"
        href="/search-pymodules.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for Packages inside the Cheeseshop (PyPI)"
        href="/search-pycheese.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search Archives of the Main Python Mailing List"
        href="/search-pythonlist.xml"/>

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-key-directors-load.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-directors.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-core.js"></script>

</head>


<body>
  <!-- Logo -->
  <h1 id="logoheader">
    <a href="/" id="logolink" accesskey="1"><img id="logo" src="/images/python-logo.gif" alt="homepage" border="0" /></a>
  </h1>
  <!-- Skip to Navigation -->
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#left-hand-navigation" accesskey="2"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptonav" alt="skip to navigation" border="0" /></a></div>
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#content-body" accesskey="3"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptocontent" alt="skip to content" border="0" /></a></div>
  <!-- Utility Menu -->
  <div id="utility-menu">
    <!-- Search Box -->
    <div id="searchbox">
      <form method="get" action="http://google.com/search" id="searchform" name="searchform">
        <div id="search">
          <input type="hidden" id="domains" name="domains" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sitesearch" name="sitesearch" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sourceid" name="sourceid" value="google-search" />
          <input type="text" class="input-text" name="q" id="q" />
          <input type="submit" value="search" class="input-button" name="submit" id="submit" />
          <a href="/search" class="reference">Advanced Search</a>
        </div>
      </form>
    </div>
    <div id="screen-switcher"></div>
  </div>

  <div id="left-hand-navigation">
    <!-- Main Menu -->
    <div id="menu">
      <ul class="level-one">
            <li>
          <a href="/about/" title="About The Python Language">About</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/news/" title="Major Happenings Within the Python Community">News</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/doc/" title="Tutorials, Library Reference, C API">Documentation</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/download/" title="Start Running Python Under Windows, Mac, Linux and Others">Download</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/community/" title="Mailing Lists, Jobs, Conferences, SIGs, Online Chats">Community</a>
        </li>
            <li class="selected">
          <a href="/psf/" title="Python Software Foundation" class="selected">Foundation</a>
	    <ul class="level-two">
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/about/" title="About the Python Software Foundation">About the PSF</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/summary/" title="Executive Summary">Executive Summary</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/mission/">Mission Statement</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/donations/">Donations</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/volunteer/">Volunteer</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/membership/">Membership FAQ</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/sponsorship/">Sponsor Memberships</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/members/">Membership Roster</a>
              </li>
		<li class="selected">
	      <a href="/psf/records/" class="selected">Public Records</a>
		<ul class="level-three">
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/minutes/">Board Meetings</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/resolutions/">Board Resolutions</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/members/">Members' Meetings</a></li>
		</ul>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/committees/">Committees</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/bylaws/">Bylaws</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/trademarks/">Trademark Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/grants/">Grants Program</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonSoftwareFoundation">PSF Wiki</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com">PSF Weblog</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/weblog-policy/">Weblog Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/press-release/">Press Releases</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/forms/">Membership Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/contrib/">Contribution Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/license/">License</a>
              </li>
	    </ul>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/dev/" title="Development of the Python language and website">Core Development</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/links/" title="Pointers to Useful Information">Links</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </div>

    <!-- Quick Links -->
  </div>

  <div id="content-body">
    <div id="body-main">
      <div id="content">
        
          <div id="breadcrumb">
               <a href="/psf/">Foundation</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
               <a href="/psf/records/">Public Records</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
            
            Python Software Foundation Board Meeting Minutes 2006-03-13
          </div>



        <!--utf-8--><!--0.4.1--><div class="minutes-title line-block">
<div class="line">The Python Software Foundation</div>
<div class="line">Minutes of a Regular Meeting of the Board of Directors</div>
<div class="line"><br /></div>
<div class="line">March 13, 2006</div>
</div>
<p>A regular meeting of the Python Software Foundation (&quot;PSF&quot;) Board of
Directors was held over Internet Relay Chat beginning at 18:00 UTC, 13
March 2006.  Stephan Deibel presided at the meeting.</p>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="attendance" name="attendance">1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Attendance</a></h2>
<p>The following members of the Board of Directors were present at the
meeting: Stephan Deibel, David Goodger, David Ascher, Brett Cannon,
Tim Peters, Martin von LÃ¶wis, Andrew Kuchling, and Steve Holden
(arrived at 18:45).  Also in attendance was Neal Norwitz (Assistant
Treasurer; arrived at 18:10).  D. Goodger prepared these minutes.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="minutes-of-past-meetings" name="minutes-of-past-meetings">2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Minutes of Past Meetings</a></h2>
<p>The 14 February 2006 minutes were approved by a 6-0-2 vote.</p>
<p>The minutes for the 24 February 2006 members meeting and 25 February
2006 special board meeting, both held at PyCon TX 2006, have not yet
been prepared.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="status-of-past-action-items" name="status-of-past-action-items">3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Status of Past Action Items</a></h2>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="follow-up-required" name="follow-up-required">3.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Follow-Up Required</a></h3>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Originally from November 2005, follow-up from December 2005:
<span class="followup">D. Goodger is to contact a potential PSF sponsor/donor.</span></p>
<p>Status: follow-up required.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from November 2005, follow-up from December 2005:
<span class="followup">D. Ascher is to contact a potential PSF sponsor/donor.</span></p>
<p>Status: follow-up required.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>S. Deibel noted that all the directors, officers, and members should
keep in mind approaching eligible people to extract donations and/or
sponsorship from them, at PyCon, and in general.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="in-progress" name="in-progress">3.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In Progress</a></h3>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 10.1, Trademarks &amp; The .com
Domain: N. Norwitz will ask the lawyer about the python.com domain.</p>
<p>N. Norwitz sent an email report earlier.  In summary, he spoke with
our lawyers, and got the answer we were expecting: that it's going
to be difficult.  The recommendation was to try to buy the domain.</p>
<p>The consensus of the board was that it wasn't worth the time, which
none of us have, or the effort.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>dropped</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from November 2005, Section 4, Python.org Redesign
(S. Holden):</p>
<blockquote>
<ul class="simple">
<li>get the new production system to run on Mac OS X;</li>
<li>detail which parts of the current content have been
transformed for the new system and which parts still require
conversion;</li>
<li>complete the documentation so that webmaster team members can
use the new system rather than the old one.</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p>S. Deibel summarized: &quot;The site was rolled out after the sprint at
PyCon and further work is in the hands of the community via
psf.pollenation.org.  Many of the sprinters and Tim [Parkin] are
continuing fairly intensive work.&quot;</p>
<p>D. Ascher commented that although switching was good, he was not
impressed with the &quot;cleanliness&quot; of the switch; lots of 404s,
broken URLs, etc.  D. Goodger thought there was too much attempted
all at once.  S. Deibel agreed that it could have been done better,
but thought it was worth the pain/breakage (which should mostly be
fixed by now).  M. von LÃ¶wis noted that the pydotorgers will fix
what got broken over time.</p>
<p>D. Goodger suggested a debrief/post-mortem at some point; &quot;I think
we can learn a lot from this&quot;.</p>
<p>D. Ascher wanted to know how we're going to enroll people outside
the pydotorgers to help with content, and noted that Fredrik Lundh
has a good point worth hearing.  M. von LÃ¶wis agreed, noting that
there is a much broader issue, which is whether &quot;wider&quot; involvement
that Fredrik wants should be done.  B. Cannon noted that this is
going to require simplifying the building of the site by
maintainers.</p>
<p>Further discussion was moved to email.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from December 2005, Section 6, PSF Member Meeting:
M. von LÃ¶wis volunteered to ensure that the necessary steps are
taken for the member meeting.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="carried-forward" name="carried-forward">3.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Carried Forward</a></h3>
<p>The following are action items carried forward from the 14 February
2006 meeting, as highlighted in the minutes (Section 3, Status of Past
Action Items):</p>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 4, Donor Levels: S. Deibel
will add the topic of &quot;Donor Levels&quot; to the agenda of a future
meeting, and may begin discussions via email before that.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.  Discussed in the board meeting at PyCon.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 4, Public Support Committee:
<span class="action">D. Goodger will pursue web page and installer donation
link ideas.</span></p>
<p>Status: carried forward.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 5, Ubuntu Development
Meeting: <span class="action">Add &quot;swag for events&quot; to future agenda
[D. Goodger].</span></p>
<p>Status: carried forward.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 7, Reserve Funds: K. Kaiser
will send a reserve fund investment proposal to the PSF-board
mailing list.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong></p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from November 2005, Section 8, Trademark Policy:
<span class="action">D. Ascher will probably work with ActiveState's legal
person on trademark policy.</span></p>
<p>Status: carried forward.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from December 2005, Section 4, Python.org Redesign:
S. Holden said that he would be responsible for making sure that
documentation is available for the new python.org system.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>, although we still need better docs.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from December 2005, Section 6, PSF Member Meeting:
<span class="action">J. Hylton pledged to complete the minutes for the 2005 PSF
member meeting.</span></p>
<p>Status: <span class="action">task transferred; taken on by David Goodger</span>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from December 2005, Section 7, PSF BoF Sessions:
A. Kuchling promised to write to Chris DiBona and Greg Stein and
ask about their attendance at PyCon and possible BoF participation.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong> (they didn't attend PyCon).</p>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="new-in-february" name="new-in-february">3.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;New in February</a></h3>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Section 3.3.2, Status of Past Action Items, Carried Forward: (re:
Grants Committee) M. von LÃ¶wis will ask Brian Zimmer to send an
invoice for the part of the Jython grant that goes to him.</p>
<p>M. von LÃ¶wis reports that &quot;Brian has sent and invoice, and I
approved payment.  Not sure whether payment happened.&quot;</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 4, Financials: <span class="action">K. Kaiser will ping the sponsor
members who have not yet paid their 2006 PSF sponsor fees.</span></p>
<p>Status: carried forward.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="grants-committee" name="grants-committee">4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Grants Committee</a></h2>
<p>In the February 14 minutes, section 3.3 (Status of Past Action Items,
Carried Forward), item 11 ends with &quot;A post to the PSF blog was
suggested, and discussion was deferred to email.&quot;  <span class="action">M. von
LÃ¶wis agreed to draft a report on the PSF grants.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="weblog-policy" name="weblog-policy">5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Weblog Policy</a></h2>
<blockquote>
<p>RESOLVED, that the PSF adopt the policies contained in version
1.03 of the draft weblog policy [1] for managing access and
editorial content for the PSF weblog [2].</p>
<dl class="docutils">
<dt>[1] Policy available on the web at</dt>
<dd>&lt;<a class="reference" href="http://www.python.org/psf/weblog-policy/">http://www.python.org/psf/weblog-policy/</a>&gt;.</dd>
</dl>
<p>[2] Available at &lt;<a class="reference" href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com">http://pyfound.blogspot.com</a>&gt;.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Approved 7-0-0.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="donation-to-freenode-net" name="donation-to-freenode-net">6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Donation to freenode.net</a></h2>
<p>In a 28 February 2006 message to the PSF-board mailing list, Steve
Holden suggested donating $250 to freenode.net, which hosts the IRC
channels used for board meetings and other Python-related discussions.
There was general agreement, but no motion was put forth.  Deferred
due to the absence of the proposal's champion.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="paying-the-treasurer-or-offload-tasks-to-paid-service" name="paying-the-treasurer-or-offload-tasks-to-paid-service">7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Paying the Treasurer or Offload Tasks to Paid Service</a></h2>
<p>N.&nbsp;Norwitz summarized:</p>
<blockquote>
When picking up the treasurer tasks, it seems there is always a
lot of work at the beginning.  Some of it is learning, some of it
is finishing the outstanding work.  Part of what makes things hard
is that many things only happen once a year.  Pycon usually
creates lots of work because things have changed (and broken) over
the last year.  I tried to document a bunch and be available for
answering questions, but it's always hard.  I went from zero
automation to 50%, I think Kurt has brought that up to about 90%.
So hopefully it won't continue to be as much work going forward.</blockquote>
<p>S. Deibel asked if it is OK to pay the treasurer or only to pay for
services?  M. von LÃ¶wis replied that the board should offer something,
e.g. compensation by the hour.  If the workload decreases, the
compensation will also decrease.  T. Peters noted that if the PSF
becomes an employer, we have to take on a lot more fiddly paperwork.
D. Ascher suggested buying the treasurer a computer.  S. Deibel noted
that we need to be careful about violating rules about non-salary
compensation for officers.</p>
<p>The board was generally in favor, but discussion was deferred to
email.  <span class="action">Kurt Kaiser is to propose compensation for the
treasurer.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="post-pycon-report" name="post-pycon-report">8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Post-PyCon Report</a></h2>
<p>A. Kuchling sent a detailed report on &quot;PyCon status&quot; to the PSF-board
mailing list.  In summary:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>The hotel has offered two later date options, contingent on
renegotiating a few contract clauses.</li>
<li>The raw data from the conference feedback forms is available.</li>
<li>PyCon 2006 broke even, give or take a few thousand dollars.</li>
</ul>
<p>A. Kuchling asked: <em>should</em> PyCon be profit-making?  S. Deibel replied
that profit is nice but not at all necessary.  D. Goodger opined that
the goal should be break-even or a slight profit, but we accept a
loss.  M. von LÃ¶wis: &quot;a break even is fine with me&quot;.  T. Peters stated
the PyCon goal of &quot;low-cost community conference&quot;, which had general
agreement.  S. Holden noted that on a budget of $100,000 the profit or
loss could be $20,000 -- we can't plan more closely than that.
D. Ascher: &quot;I don't think we should make a profit, but we should be
wary of running big losses&quot;; there was general agreement with this
statement.</p>
<p>D. Ascher observed that the move out of DC was because we were running
out of room at GWU, and we haven't grown, making the move apparently
pointless.  S. Holden noted that the 2006 event showed the advantages
of a hotel venue, even though it's more expensive; D. Ascher was not
convinced.  S. Holden and D. Goodger noted that the evidence is that
growth would have continued at the previous venue, which was at
capacity (or over, taking the 2-floor split into account), so DC 2006
would not have worked.  S. Deibel noted his opinion that moving the
conference around is a Good Thing.</p>
<p>A. Kuchling mentioned that he would like to weblog PyCon's final
statement of profit &amp; loss.  M. von LÃ¶wis cautioned providing too much
detail.  It was agreed that a statement of the final balance would be
sufficient.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="infrastructure-committee" name="infrastructure-committee">9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Infrastructure Committee</a></h2>
<p>B. Cannon listed the members of the Infrastructure Committee: Martin
v. LÃ¶wis, Andrew Kuchling, Thomas Wouters, Barry Warsaw, Richard
Jones, and himself.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="adjournment" name="adjournment">10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Adjournment</a></h2>
<p>S.&nbsp;Deibel adjourned the meeting at 19:02 UTC.</p>
</div>


      </div>

      
      <div id="footer">
	<div id="credits">
 	  <a href="/about/website">Website maintained by the Python community</a><br/>
	  <a href="http://www.xs4all.com/" title="Web and email hosting provided by xs4all, Netherlands">hosting by xs4all</a> /
	  <a href="http://www.pollenation.net/" title="Design and content management system by Pollenation Internet, Yorkshire">design by pollenation</a>
	</div>
	Copyright &copy; 1990-2008, <a href='/psf'>Python Software Foundation</a><br/>
	<a href="/about/legal">Legal Statements</a>
      </div>


    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>






