<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <title>Python Software Foundation: Minutes of Board of Directors Meeting, December 13, 2005</title>
  <meta name="keywords" content="None" />
  <meta name="description" content="None" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Community Events"
        href="http://www.python.org/channews.rdf" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Recipes"
        href="http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Cookbook/Python/index_rss" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Usergroup News"
        href="http://python-groups.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Screencasts"
        href="http://www.showmedo.com/latestVideoFeed/rss2.0?tag=python" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Podcasts"
        href="http://www.awaretek.com/python/index.xml" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Foundation News"
        href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Enhancement Proposals"
        href="http://www.python.org/dev/peps/peps.rss" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" id="screen-switcher-stylesheet"
        href="/styles/screen-switcher-default.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="sc&#82;een"
        href="/styles/netscape4.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
        href="/styles/print.css" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/largestyles.css" title="large text" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/defaultfonts.css" title="default fonts" />

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search under the www.python.org Domain"
        href="/search-pysite.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Wiki"
        href="/search-pywiki.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within Python Books at Google Book Search"
        href="/search-pybooks.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Documentation"
        href="/search-pydocs.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for a Module in the Standard Library"
        href="/search-pymodules.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for Packages inside the Cheeseshop (PyPI)"
        href="/search-pycheese.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search Archives of the Main Python Mailing List"
        href="/search-pythonlist.xml"/>

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-key-directors-load.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-directors.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-core.js"></script>

</head>


<body>
  <!-- Logo -->
  <h1 id="logoheader">
    <a href="/" id="logolink" accesskey="1"><img id="logo" src="/images/python-logo.gif" alt="homepage" border="0" /></a>
  </h1>
  <!-- Skip to Navigation -->
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#left-hand-navigation" accesskey="2"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptonav" alt="skip to navigation" border="0" /></a></div>
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#content-body" accesskey="3"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptocontent" alt="skip to content" border="0" /></a></div>
  <!-- Utility Menu -->
  <div id="utility-menu">
    <!-- Search Box -->
    <div id="searchbox">
      <form method="get" action="http://google.com/search" id="searchform" name="searchform">
        <div id="search">
          <input type="hidden" id="domains" name="domains" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sitesearch" name="sitesearch" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sourceid" name="sourceid" value="google-search" />
          <input type="text" class="input-text" name="q" id="q" />
          <input type="submit" value="search" class="input-button" name="submit" id="submit" />
          <a href="/search" class="reference">Advanced Search</a>
        </div>
      </form>
    </div>
    <div id="screen-switcher"></div>
  </div>

  <div id="left-hand-navigation">
    <!-- Main Menu -->
    <div id="menu">
      <ul class="level-one">
            <li>
          <a href="/about/" title="About The Python Language">About</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/news/" title="Major Happenings Within the Python Community">News</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/doc/" title="Tutorials, Library Reference, C API">Documentation</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/download/" title="Start Running Python Under Windows, Mac, Linux and Others">Download</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/community/" title="Mailing Lists, Jobs, Conferences, SIGs, Online Chats">Community</a>
        </li>
            <li class="selected">
          <a href="/psf/" title="Python Software Foundation" class="selected">Foundation</a>
	    <ul class="level-two">
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/about/" title="About the Python Software Foundation">About the PSF</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/summary/" title="Executive Summary">Executive Summary</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/mission/">Mission Statement</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/donations/">Donations</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/volunteer/">Volunteer</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/membership/">Membership FAQ</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/sponsorship/">Sponsor Memberships</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/members/">Membership Roster</a>
              </li>
		<li class="selected">
	      <a href="/psf/records/" class="selected">Public Records</a>
		<ul class="level-three">
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/minutes/">Board Meetings</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/resolutions/">Board Resolutions</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/members/">Members' Meetings</a></li>
		</ul>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/committees/">Committees</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/bylaws/">Bylaws</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/trademarks/">Trademark Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/grants/">Grants Program</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonSoftwareFoundation">PSF Wiki</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com">PSF Weblog</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/weblog-policy/">Weblog Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/press-release/">Press Releases</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/forms/">Membership Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/contrib/">Contribution Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/license/">License</a>
              </li>
	    </ul>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/dev/" title="Development of the Python language and website">Core Development</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/links/" title="Pointers to Useful Information">Links</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </div>

    <!-- Quick Links -->
  </div>

  <div id="content-body">
    <div id="body-main">
      <div id="content">
        
          <div id="breadcrumb">
               <a href="/psf/">Foundation</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
               <a href="/psf/records/">Public Records</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
            
            Python Software Foundation: Minutes of Board of Directors Meeting, December 13, 2005
          </div>



        <!--utf-8--><!--0.4.1--><div class="minutes-title line-block">
<div class="line">The Python Software Foundation</div>
<div class="line">Minutes of a Regular Meeting of the Board of Directors</div>
<div class="line"><br /></div>
<div class="line">December 13, 2005</div>
</div>
<p>A regular meeting of the Python Software Foundation (&quot;PSF&quot;) Board of
Directors was held over Internet Relay Chat beginning at 18:04 UTC, 13
December 2005.  Stephan Deibel presided at the meeting.</p>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="attendance" name="attendance">1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Attendance</a></h2>
<p>The following members of the Board of Directors were present at the
meeting: Stephan Deibel, Martin von LÃ¶wis, Steve Holden, Andrew
Kuchling, Tim Peters, Jeremy Hylton (arrived at 18:11), and David
Ascher (arrived at 18:25).  Also in attendance were Kurt B. Kaiser
(Treasurer), Neal Norwitz (Assistant Treasurer), and David Goodger
(Assistant Secretary).  D. Goodger prepared these minutes.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="minutes-of-past-meetings" name="minutes-of-past-meetings">2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Minutes of Past Meetings</a></h2>
<p>The November 2005 minutes were approved by a 4-0-1 vote.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="status-of-past-action-items" name="status-of-past-action-items">3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Status of Past Action Items</a></h2>
<p>The following are action items carried forward from the November 2005
meeting, as highlighted in the minutes (Section 3, Status of Past
Action Items):</p>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 4, Donor Levels:
<span class="action">S. Deibel will add the topic of &quot;Donor Levels&quot; to the
agenda of a future meeting, and may begin discussions via email
before that.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 8, Conference Committee
Status Report: A. Kuchling will send a copy of the PyCon
2006 contract to the Treasurer.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 9, Grants Committee:
<span class="action">M. von LÃ¶wis will verify whether Brian Zimmer's grant
invoice is the one previously discussed (i.e. a reduced amount of
work, and a reduced payment).</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 10.1, Trademarks &amp; The .com
Domain: <span class="progress">N. Norwitz will ask the lawyer about the
python.com domain.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>in progress</strong>.  N. Norwitz has begun discussions with the
lawyer.  He reports that he is supposed to talk to the lawyer again
at some point, but it doesn't seem like our chances are great of
getting python.com.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 4, Public Support Committee:
<span class="action">D. Goodger will pursue web page and installer donation
link ideas.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 5, Ubuntu Development
Meeting: D. Goodger will ask if Ubuntu wants to become a PSF
sponsor or donor.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.  D. Goodger asked Mark Shuttleworth if Ubuntu
would like to become a PSF sponsor or donor.  There is no response
yet.  <span class="followup">Followup required: Mark Shuttleworth
(Ubuntu/Canonical) on PSF sponsorship or donation.</span></p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 5, Ubuntu Development
Meeting: <span class="action">Add &quot;swag for events&quot; to future agenda
[D. Goodger].</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 7, Reserve Funds:
<span class="action">K. Kaiser will send a reserve fund investment proposal to
the PSF-board mailing list.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>The following action items originated with the November 2005 meeting,
as highlighted in the minutes:</p>
<ol class="arabic" start="9">
<li><p class="first">Section 4, Python.org Redesign: To do [S. Holden]:</p>
<ul class="progress simple">
<li>get the new production system to run on Mac OS X;</li>
<li>detail which parts of the current content have been transformed
for the new system and which parts still require conversion;</li>
<li>complete the documentation so that webmaster team members can use
the new system rather than the old one.</li>
</ul>
<p>Status: <strong>in progress</strong>.  See <a class="reference" href="#python-org-redesign">Python.org Redesign</a> below.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 6, Funding of PyCon Attendees: A. Kuchling will discuss
attendee funding with the conference committee and make a proposal
to the board.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.  See <a class="reference" href="#funding-of-pycon-attendees">Funding of PyCon Attendees</a> below.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 7, Public Support Committee: D. Ascher will ask Bram Cohen
(BitTorrent) about PSF sponsorship.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>; no answer so far.  <span class="followup">Followup required:
Bram Cohen (BitTorrent) on PSF sponsorship or donation.</span></p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 8, Trademark Policy: <span class="action">D. Ascher will probably work
with ActiveState's legal person on trademark policy.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="python-org-redesign" name="python-org-redesign">4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Python.org Redesign</a></h2>
<p>S. Holden reported that he has been in touch with Tim Parkin: he needs
to finalize the build process, and this work has been delayed behind
other paying jobs.  Work is progressing on a system to track which
parts of hte site has been converted, and Tim has asked A. Kuchling
about putting a test server up.  A. Kuchling replied that we can
certainly create a test server, but Tim hasn't asked him to do
anything in particular.  D. Goodger volunteered to help with Mac OS X,
and commented that the redesign should be up &amp; running before PyCon.
S. Holden replied that it <em>must</em> be up before PyCon, but there isn't
much to do now.  <span class="action">S. Holden said he would speak with Tim
Parkin and they would contact A. Kuchling about setting up a
publicly-visible test server.</span> Then help could be recruited from the
pydotorg list.</p>
<p>D. Goodger suggested that the PSF board set a deadline, to push from
our end, and not wait on Tim.  A. Kuchling agreed, suggesting it might
also stir the pydotorg list participants into action.  S. Deibel
remarked that it would be great to have the site up and running, but
it seems like time is short and there are probably a lot of snags.
D. Goodger replied that we &quot;won't know if we don't try ... let's get
it off Tim's plate and onto ours&quot;.  S. Deibel agreed.</p>
<p>S. Holden remarked that Tim Parkin has probably done more work on the
system than he had originally anticipated; we should look at taking
the SVN repository in to the web server.  D. Goodger suggested a
weekend IRC sprint; others agreed, and <span class="action">S. Holden said that he
would see if Tim Parkin is available for an IRC sprint</span>: &quot;A SWAT team
approach might move things along.&quot;</p>
<p>S. Holden reported that Tim Parkin is anxious to get formal acceptance
of his work so he can access the final payment.  S. Deibel replied
that it can't be accepted until it's deployed in some form -- once we
have something in our hands, then he would be OK with paying.
S. Holden asked if payment can be made once the source is in our SVN
repository.  D. Goodger suggested SVN plus at least a test/partial
deployment.  S. Deibel pointed out that there should be enough
documentation so that work can be picked up by others.
<span class="action">S. Holden said that he would be responsible for making sure
that documentation is available for the new python.org system.</span>
S. Deibel stated that we need sources, a test deployment, a map/list
of parts that have been translated and that need manual work, and
documentation.</p>
<p>J. Hylton asekd if the original contract had a statement of work.
S. Deibel confirmed that there was (and shortly after the meeting
ended, he posted a link to the original proposal:
<a class="reference" href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/WebsiteRedesignProposal">http://wiki.python.org/moin/WebsiteRedesignProposal</a>).</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="conference-committee" name="conference-committee">5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Conference Committee</a></h2>
<p>A. Kuchling posted a status report to the PSF-board mailing list just
prior to the meeting:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>PyCon status, Dec. 13 2005</p>
<p>The program is mostly complete:</p>
<div class="line-block">
<div class="line"><a class="reference" href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks">http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks</a></div>
<div class="line"><a class="reference" href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Tutorials">http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Tutorials</a></div>
<div class="line"><a class="reference" href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Sprints">http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Sprints</a></div>
</div>
<p>The talks have been chosen and announced, but the actual schedule
hasn't been posted by the Program Chair yet.  I am not happy about
this and have been badgering him about it; we'll set the schedule
in an IRC meeting next year.</p>
<p>There are no keynote speakers yet, beyond GvR.  It's increasingly
probable we won't have any other keynotes.  (I'm OK with that,
frankly, not being a big fan of keynote speeches.)</p>
<p>There's still room for sprints, so feel free to add sprints for
your project.  I'll be posting a call for sprints/call for BoFs
soon.</p>
<p>Registration is now open.  Cost is $185/125 student, a $10
increase.  Early bird registration ends Dec. 31st, after which
prices go up, so if you're going, please register.  Current
registration: 27 attendees (12 tutorial registrations), but it's
still early; most will be last-minute.  Break-even figure is 351
attendees.  I don't have current hotel registration numbers.</p>
<p>Sponsorship target of $16K reached.  (Sponsorships are still
available, if you know any possibilities.)</p>
<p>Jeff Rush is working on negotiating lower food costs.  No results
yet, but any reduction will make a significant change.</p>
<p>Publicity suggestions are welcome.</p>
<p>I can answer questions on psf-board or at the meeting.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>D. Ascher asked who the sprint coordinator was; he wanted to know who
to tell the Django folks to talk to.  A. Kuchling replied that Jeff
Rush is probably the closest to being sprint coordinator.  D. Goodger
stated that sprints are more-or-less self-coordinating; just have them
add to the wiki page.  J. Hylton replied &quot;As a former sprint
coordinator, I'd say it would be good to have someone to actually
coordinate, answer questions, etc.&quot;</p>
<p>N. Norwitz noted that we don't have all keynote slots filled, and
asked if he should try to ask Andy Hertzfeld.  A. Kuchling replied
that &quot;if we don't find anyone, that's OK with me.  If we find someone,
that's <em>also</em> OK with me...  We'll probably have a lightning talk
plenary session on the Sunday.&quot;</p>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="funding-of-pycon-attendees" name="funding-of-pycon-attendees">5.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Funding of PyCon Attendees</a></h3>
<blockquote>
RESOLVED, that the Python Conference Committee is given additional
funds of up to $6000 to pay attendance costs for individuals
attending PyCon 2006, at the discretion of the Conference
Committee.</blockquote>
<p>Approved 7-0-0.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="psf-member-meeting" name="psf-member-meeting">6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF Member Meeting</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel stated that we need to begin preparing for the PSF member
meeting in February at PyCon, and asked what needs to get
done/prepared.</p>
<p>S.&nbsp;Holden and M. von LÃ¶wis replied:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>announce the meeting,</li>
<li>call for Board nominations,</li>
<li>prepare an agenda,</li>
<li>prepare proxy forms with both board and new member nominations (plus
board-approved sponsor members),</li>
<li>send out email and snail-mailed invitations &amp; proxy forms,</li>
</ul>
<p>J. Hylton suggested that we find a company that can send the snailmail
given templates and addresses.  S. Deibel agreed, and noted that
usually it's the secretary that does this, but last year things almost
didn't happen in time, so it would be good to assign tasks clearly.
<span class="action">J. Hylton took on the task of finding someone to send out
member meeting notices &amp; proxy forms.</span> <span class="action">M. von LÃ¶wis
volunteered to ensure that the necessary steps are taken for the
member meeting.</span></p>
<p>J. Hylton noted that we can't send mail out until we have an agenda.
S. Deibel replied that the agenda will probably be very similar to
last year.  J. Hylton suggested that we should start the ball rolling
on nominations and the like; the actual proxy form with votes may be
the biggest source of delay.  <span class="action">S. Deibel volunteered to send
email to psf-members to ask people to do new member nominations.</span></p>
<p>A. Kuchling and M. von LÃ¶wis noted that the minutes for the member
meetings of 2005, 2003, and 2002 are missing.  <span class="action">J. Hylton
pledged to complete the minutes for the 2005 PSF member meeting.</span> (He
posted a draft to psf-members on March 27, but never wrote up an
official version.)  S. Deibel noted that the 2003 meeting minutes may
never have been done.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="psf-bof-sessions" name="psf-bof-sessions">7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF BoF Sessions</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel reported that there are currently two PSF-related
birds-of-a-feather (BoF) sessions scheduled for PyCon, and asked who
is going to deliver the talks and run the discussions.  A. Kuchling
noted that the two are:</p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li>a PSF Grant Program BoF (tips on what the PSF is looking for), and</li>
<li>a Google Summer of Code BoF (what was done, the outcomes, and what
will happen next year).</li>
</ol>
<p>A. Kuchling volunteered to run the Summer of Code BoF if nobody else
was forthcoming, and noted that the subject would be regarding what
the PSF did for the SoC, not about the SoC in general.  J. Hylton
suggested that Chris DiBona and Greg Stein be asked if they want to
participate in the SoC BoF.  A. Kuchling noted that if Chris DiBona is
coming to PyCon, he and a PSF director would probably work well.
<span class="action">A. Kuchling promised to write to Chris DiBona and Greg Stein
and ask about their attendance at PyCon and possible BoF
participation.</span> N. Norwitz thought that neither Chris nor Greg is
coming to pycon; J. Hylton noted that &quot;no one at work is excited by
the location&quot;.  D. Goodger noted: &quot;the location: it's a hotel; same
everywhere&quot;.</p>
<p>M. von LÃ¶wis agreed to lead the Grants BoF.  He envisions a discussion
on &quot;what the PSF wants to pay for&quot;, but suggested that the PSF should
really decide what we <em>are</em> looking for, either before PyCon, or
during the BoF.  A. Kuchling envisioned that the subject of the BoF
would be &quot;how to write proposals that aren't awful&quot;, not &quot;the PSF
wants to fund X, Y, and Z&quot;, but left the subject up to M. von LÃ¶wis.
A. Kuchling suggested, and <span class="action">M. von LÃ¶wis agreed, to see if the
grant recipients (Greg Wilson, Brian Zimmer, and/or Ilya Etingof) will
be at PyCon, and ask them to report on what they've done.</span></p>
<p>J. Hylton noted that he thought we could give a lot of helpful advice
to people on how to write a successful proposal.  S. Diebel stated
that he planned to attend both BoFs.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="adjournment" name="adjournment">8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Adjournment</a></h2>
<p>S.&nbsp;Deibel adjourned the meeting at 19:04 UTC.</p>
</div>


      </div>

      
      <div id="footer">
	<div id="credits">
 	  <a href="/about/website">Website maintained by the Python community</a><br/>
	  <a href="http://www.xs4all.com/" title="Web and email hosting provided by xs4all, Netherlands">hosting by xs4all</a> /
	  <a href="http://www.pollenation.net/" title="Design and content management system by Pollenation Internet, Yorkshire">design by pollenation</a>
	</div>
	Copyright &copy; 1990-2008, <a href='/psf'>Python Software Foundation</a><br/>
	<a href="/about/legal">Legal Statements</a>
      </div>


    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>






