<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <title>2007-03-12 PSF Board Meeting Minutes</title>
  <meta name="keywords" content="None" />
  <meta name="description" content="None" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Community Events"
        href="http://www.python.org/channews.rdf" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Recipes"
        href="http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Cookbook/Python/index_rss" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Usergroup News"
        href="http://python-groups.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Screencasts"
        href="http://www.showmedo.com/latestVideoFeed/rss2.0?tag=python" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Podcasts"
        href="http://www.awaretek.com/python/index.xml" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Foundation News"
        href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Enhancement Proposals"
        href="http://www.python.org/dev/peps/peps.rss" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" id="screen-switcher-stylesheet"
        href="/styles/screen-switcher-default.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="sc&#82;een"
        href="/styles/netscape4.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
        href="/styles/print.css" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/largestyles.css" title="large text" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/defaultfonts.css" title="default fonts" />

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search under the www.python.org Domain"
        href="/search-pysite.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Wiki"
        href="/search-pywiki.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within Python Books at Google Book Search"
        href="/search-pybooks.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Documentation"
        href="/search-pydocs.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for a Module in the Standard Library"
        href="/search-pymodules.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for Packages inside the Cheeseshop (PyPI)"
        href="/search-pycheese.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search Archives of the Main Python Mailing List"
        href="/search-pythonlist.xml"/>

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-key-directors-load.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-directors.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-core.js"></script>

</head>


<body>
  <!-- Logo -->
  <h1 id="logoheader">
    <a href="/" id="logolink" accesskey="1"><img id="logo" src="/images/python-logo.gif" alt="homepage" border="0" /></a>
  </h1>
  <!-- Skip to Navigation -->
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#left-hand-navigation" accesskey="2"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptonav" alt="skip to navigation" border="0" /></a></div>
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#content-body" accesskey="3"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptocontent" alt="skip to content" border="0" /></a></div>
  <!-- Utility Menu -->
  <div id="utility-menu">
    <!-- Search Box -->
    <div id="searchbox">
      <form method="get" action="http://google.com/search" id="searchform" name="searchform">
        <div id="search">
          <input type="hidden" id="domains" name="domains" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sitesearch" name="sitesearch" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sourceid" name="sourceid" value="google-search" />
          <input type="text" class="input-text" name="q" id="q" />
          <input type="submit" value="search" class="input-button" name="submit" id="submit" />
          <a href="/search" class="reference">Advanced Search</a>
        </div>
      </form>
    </div>
    <div id="screen-switcher"></div>
  </div>

  <div id="left-hand-navigation">
    <!-- Main Menu -->
    <div id="menu">
      <ul class="level-one">
            <li>
          <a href="/about/" title="About The Python Language">About</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/news/" title="Major Happenings Within the Python Community">News</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/doc/" title="Tutorials, Library Reference, C API">Documentation</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/download/" title="Start Running Python Under Windows, Mac, Linux and Others">Download</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/community/" title="Mailing Lists, Jobs, Conferences, SIGs, Online Chats">Community</a>
        </li>
            <li class="selected">
          <a href="/psf/" title="Python Software Foundation" class="selected">Foundation</a>
	    <ul class="level-two">
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/about/" title="About the Python Software Foundation">About the PSF</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/summary/" title="Executive Summary">Executive Summary</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/mission/">Mission Statement</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/donations/">Donations</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/volunteer/">Volunteer</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/membership/">Membership FAQ</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/sponsorship/">Sponsor Memberships</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/members/">Membership Roster</a>
              </li>
		<li class="selected">
	      <a href="/psf/records/" class="selected">Public Records</a>
		<ul class="level-three">
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/minutes/">Board Meetings</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/resolutions/">Board Resolutions</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/members/">Members' Meetings</a></li>
		</ul>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/committees/">Committees</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/bylaws/">Bylaws</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/trademarks/">Trademark Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/grants/">Grants Program</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonSoftwareFoundation">PSF Wiki</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com">PSF Weblog</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/weblog-policy/">Weblog Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/press-release/">Press Releases</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/forms/">Membership Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/contrib/">Contribution Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/license/">License</a>
              </li>
	    </ul>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/dev/" title="Development of the Python language and website">Core Development</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/links/" title="Pointers to Useful Information">Links</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </div>

    <!-- Quick Links -->
  </div>

  <div id="content-body">
    <div id="body-main">
      <div id="content">
        
          <div id="breadcrumb">
               <a href="/psf/">Foundation</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
               <a href="/psf/records/">Public Records</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
            
            2007-03-12 PSF Board Meeting Minutes
          </div>



        <!--utf-8--><!--0.4.1--><div class="minutes-title line-block">
<div class="line">The Python Software Foundation</div>
<div class="line">Minutes of a Regular Meeting of the Board of Directors</div>
<div class="line"><br /></div>
<div class="line">March 12, 2007</div>
</div>
<p>A regular meeting of the Python Software Foundation (&quot;PSF&quot;) Board of
Directors was held over Internet Relay Chat beginning at 17:02 UTC, 12
March 2007.  Stephan Deibel presided at the meeting.  David Goodger
prepared these minutes.</p>
<div class="contents topic">
<p class="topic-title first"><a id="contents" name="contents">Contents</a></p>
<ul class="auto-toc simple">
<li><a class="reference" href="#attendance" id="id1" name="id1">1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Attendance</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#minutes-of-past-meetings" id="id2" name="id2">2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Minutes of Past Meetings</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#status-of-past-action-items" id="id3" name="id3">3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Status of Past Action Items</a><ul class="auto-toc">
<li><a class="reference" href="#carried-forward" id="id4" name="id4">3.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Carried Forward</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#new-in-february" id="id5" name="id5">3.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;New in February</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#tasks-for-the-secretary" id="id6" name="id6">4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Tasks for the Secretary</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#treasurer-records" id="id7" name="id7">5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Treasurer Records</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#java-package-name-for-jython" id="id8" name="id8">6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Java Package name for Jython</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#renewing-the-advocacy-coordinator-position" id="id9" name="id9">7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Renewing the Advocacy Coordinator Position</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#psf-support-for-europython" id="id10" name="id10">8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF Support for EuroPython</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#psf-mailing-address" id="id11" name="id11">9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF Mailing Address</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#pycon-2008" id="id12" name="id12">10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PyCon 2008</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#minimum-board-size" id="id13" name="id13">11&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Minimum Board Size</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#awards" id="id14" name="id14">12&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Awards</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#google-summer-of-code" id="id15" name="id15">13&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Google Summer of Code</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#python-org-mirrors" id="id16" name="id16">14&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Python.org Mirrors</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#status-of-member-inventory" id="id17" name="id17">15&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Status of Member Inventory</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#reviving-the-grants-program" id="id18" name="id18">16&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Reviving the Grants Program</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#psf-funded-buildbots" id="id19" name="id19">17&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF-Funded BuildBots</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#bylaw-change-survey" id="id20" name="id20">18&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Bylaw Change Survey</a></li>
<li><a class="reference" href="#adjournment" id="id21" name="id21">19&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Adjournment</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id1" id="attendance" name="attendance">1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Attendance</a></h2>
<p>The following members of the Board of Directors were present at the
meeting: Stephan Deibel, David Goodger, Andrew Kuchling, Martin von
Löwis, David Ascher, Tim Peters, and Steve Holden.  Also in attendance
was Kurt Kaiser (Treasurer) and Neal Norwitz (Assistant Treasurer).</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id2" id="minutes-of-past-meetings" name="minutes-of-past-meetings">2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Minutes of Past Meetings</a></h2>
<p>The 12 February 2007 Board meeting minutes were approved by a 5-0-2
vote (<em>in favor – opposed – abstentions</em>).</p>
<p>The 23 February 2007 members' meeting minutes were approved by a 4-0-3
vote.</p>
<p>The 25 February 2007 Board meeting minutes were approved by a 4-0-3
vote.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id3" id="status-of-past-action-items" name="status-of-past-action-items">3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Status of Past Action Items</a></h2>
<p>(Pending action items <span class="action">appear like this</span>.)</p>
<div class="section">
<h3><a class="toc-backref" href="#id4" id="carried-forward" name="carried-forward">3.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Carried Forward</a></h3>
<p>The following are action items carried forward from the 12 February
2007 meeting, as highlighted in the minutes (Section 3, Status of Past
Action Items):</p>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 4, Public Support Committee:
<span class="action">D. Goodger will pursue web page and installer donation
link ideas.</span></p>
<p>Status: carried forward.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from June 2006, Section 6, PSF Records: <span class="action">The
Board agreed to assemble the existing records in one place, have
them scanned, and enter them into the PSF data repository.
D. Goodger will coordinate this work and maintain the records.</span></p>
<p>D. Goodger reported that the records were received from Jeremy
Hylton.</p>
<p>Status: in progress.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from August 2006, Section 10: <span class="action">T. Peters will
ask the advice of Larry Rosen regarding concerns with the
contributor agreement.</span></p>
<p>Status: carried forward.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2006, Section 3.1, item 7: D. Goodger
will telephone Jeremy Hylton to ask for PSF records to be sent.</p>
<p>The records were received.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from November 2006, Section 7, PyCon: D. Goodger will
prepare for the PSF members' meeting at PyCon.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from December 2006, Section 4, Jython Contributor
Agreements: <span class="action">A. Kuchling will write to the Jython
contributors and ask them to sign contributor agreement forms.</span></p>
<p>Status: carried forward.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from December 2006, Section 5, Jython License:
A. Kuchling will write up a summary of the license discussion, post
it to jython-dev, and the current developers can decide what to do.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from December 2006, Section 9, Catering the Members'
Meeting: D. Goodger will coordinate food for the 2007 PSF Members'
Meeting with the conference committee &amp; members.</p>
<p>S.&nbsp;Deibel placed a last-minute pizza order.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from 8 January 2007, Section 5, New Sponsor Member:
Canonical: K. Kaiser will issue an invoice for sponsor dues to
Canonical.</p>
<p>Canonical has been invoiced and has responded.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h3><a class="toc-backref" href="#id5" id="new-in-february" name="new-in-february">3.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;New in February</a></h3>
<p>These action items originated at the 12 February 2007 board meeting on
IRC.</p>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Section 7, Treasurer Records: <span class="action">K. Kaiser will make the
2003, 2004, and 2005 PSF tax returns available on the web site.</span></p>
<p>K. Kaiser has added scans of current 2003 &amp; 2004 form 990's to the
PSF CVS repository.  2005 is pending.</p>
<p>Status: in progress.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 7, Treasurer Records: K. Kaiser will produce the
2006 PSF financials for the members' meeting.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 7, Treasurer Records: K. Kaiser will make the PSF's final
501(c)(3) ruling available on python.org.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>For the three items above, see <a class="reference" href="#treasurer-records">Treasurer Records</a> below.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id6" id="tasks-for-the-secretary" name="tasks-for-the-secretary">4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Tasks for the Secretary</a></h2>
<p><span class="action">D. Goodger will update the Membership Roster web page.</span></p>
<p><span class="action">D. Goodger will update the PSF Committees wiki page, and
convert the wiki page to a regular web page.</span></p>
<p><span class="action">D. Goodger will consult the PSF's lawyer to ask if the proxy
forms and absentee ballots from the members' meeting should be kept or
destroyed.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id7" id="treasurer-records" name="treasurer-records">5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Treasurer Records</a></h2>
<p><span class="action">D. Goodger will publish the treasurer records produced by
K. Kaiser (tax returns, 2006 financial report, 501(c)(3) ruling) on
python.org.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id8" id="java-package-name-for-jython" name="java-package-name-for-jython">6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Java Package name for Jython</a></h2>
<blockquote>
<strong>RESOLVED</strong>, that the <tt class="docutils literal"><span class="pre">org.python.*</span></tt> Java package name be
reserved for use by the Jython project.</blockquote>
<p>Approved 7-0-0.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id9" id="renewing-the-advocacy-coordinator-position" name="renewing-the-advocacy-coordinator-position">7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Renewing the Advocacy Coordinator Position</a></h2>
<p>As the Board has not yet received a proposal, a decision was deferred
until a proposal (or contract or work plan) has been received.</p>
<p>Discussion:</p>
<div class="line-block">
<div class="line"><em>D. Ascher:</em> I guess I feel like it's not a great relationship -- we
asked for X, and really got Y.  Whether Y is good or not isn't
really the issue.</div>
<div class="line"><em>S. Deibel:</em> Various people agree with that point but consensus
seemed to be that we should continue.</div>
<div class="line"><em>D. Goodger:</em> The Advocate was also PyCon co-Chair, a situation we
should avoid in future.</div>
<div class="line"><em>T. Peters:</em> I sure don't mind paying someone to work on PyCon.</div>
<div class="line"><em>D. Ascher:</em> It also feels like he's (like all of us) more tempted
by the idea of writing software than documents. ... I'm just trying
to figure out there's a way to get X next time.</div>
<div class="line"><em>D. Goodger:</em> I think the key is the supervision.  That's us.</div>
<div class="line"><em>D. Ascher:</em> Agreed, and I think [the problem is that] &quot;us&quot; doesn't
work in practice.</div>
<div class="line"><br /></div>
<div class="line"><em>A. Kuchling:</em> I think several people suggested that helping user
groups is a good strategy for advocacy.</div>
<div class="line"><br /></div>
<div class="line"><em>K. Kaiser:</em> Note that the cost of the AC would be about equal to
our income last year.  I repeat my comment that the position should
be self funding in that advocacy should result in more sponsors and
donors.</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id10" id="psf-support-for-europython" name="psf-support-for-europython">8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF Support for EuroPython</a></h2>
<p>N. Norwitz reported a rumor that EuroPython may need help.  The nature
(and existence) of any problem wasn't known, but it was thought to be
a lack of organizers.  The Board agreed that money probably isn't the
solution.</p>
<p>D. Goodger asked if the PSF has ever offered help for EuroPython; the
PSF is a stable legal entity that can offer financial underwriting,
with directors and members who can offer advice and help.  A. Kuchling
replied that he didn't think the PSF has ever helped with EuroPython,
but that it is certainly within the PSF's mandate.  D. Goodger noted
that this would require a separate EuroPython Chair &amp; organizers, and
that helping EuroPython could remove the US-centric perception of the
PSF.</p>
<p>K. Kaiser asked if EuroPython is a foundation or some other organized
entity.  No one was certain.</p>
<p>S. Deibel pointed out that this was just speculation; we need to talk
to someone to find out what the problem really is, see if there's
something the PSF could do, then bring that back to the Board.
T. Peters noted that this may be a good job for the Advocacy
Coordinator (AC).  S. Deibel agreed, with the condition that the AC
shouldn't commit more than a day or two of outreach.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id11" id="psf-mailing-address" name="psf-mailing-address">9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF Mailing Address</a></h2>
<p>D. Goodger noted that the PSF's &quot;current&quot; mailing address, according
to the resolutions, was out of date.</p>
<blockquote>
<p><strong>RESOLVED</strong>, that the mailing address of the PSF shall be:</p>
<div class="line-block">
<div class="line">Python Software Foundation</div>
<div class="line">c/o Kurt Kaiser</div>
<div class="line">P.O. Box 653</div>
<div class="line">8 Bayview Road</div>
<div class="line">Ipswich, MA 01938</div>
<div class="line">USA</div>
</div>
</blockquote>
<p>Approved 7-0-0.</p>
<p>K. Kaiser noted that he will be moving at the end of March.
D. Goodger asked him to &quot;keep us advised, we can change it again&quot;.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id12" id="pycon-2008" name="pycon-2008">10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PyCon 2008</a></h2>
<p>D. Goodger reported that he had a conference call on March 8 with
Larry Skaja &amp; Tim Costello of CTE, and Ted Pollari &amp; Carl Karsten of
ChiPy.  They went over the requested changes to the draft contract
(&quot;CTE Technical Conference Revised Feb 6.doc&quot;), sent to the Board by
email on March 7.  Most of the requested changes will be put into the
contract.  There will be a contract ready to sign within a week or
two.</p>
<p>Highlights of the requested changes were presented and discussed.
D. Goodger: &quot;I feel very comfortable working with CTE.&quot;</p>
<blockquote>
<strong>RESOLVED</strong>, that Kurt Kaiser and David Goodger are authorized to
obligate the PSF under the previously emailed contract for PyCon
2008 to be held at the Crowne Plaza Chicago O'Hare in Rosemont,
Illinois.  The contract may be changed before signing but any
changes will be reported to the PSF board and may not increase the
financial obligation assumed by the PSF.</blockquote>
<p>Approved 7-0-0.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id13" id="minimum-board-size" name="minimum-board-size">11&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Minimum Board Size</a></h2>
<p>D. Goodger: &quot;While discussing the motion to increase the size of the
Board (at PyCon), I was asked what the minimum number of Directors
was.  There is nothing in the bylaws or in the resolutions about a
minimum.  Should there be?&quot;</p>
<p>The Board agreed that there was no need to set a minimum.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id14" id="awards" name="awards">12&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Awards</a></h2>
<p>On January 18 Guido van Rossum forwarded a message from Nathan
Torkington of O'Reilly reminding us about the &quot;PSF awards&quot;.  As the
PSF doesn't have an awards program yet, and considering the confusion
last year, it was assumed that Torkington meant the Frank Willison
Award.  D. Goodger sent email to Torkington on March 8, to clarify the
roles and responsibilities involved.  There has been no response yet.</p>
<p>Alex Martelli, recipient of the Frank Willison Award last year, never
received a certificate.  There should be a certificate presentation
for him.</p>
<p><span class="action">D. Goodger will follow up with Nathan Torkington of O'Reilly
regarding the Frank Willison Award.</span></p>
<p>T. Peters noted that the Frank Willison Award was O'Reilly's idea, and
&quot;they should carry the ball&quot;.  S. Holden suggested that if O'Reilly
won't administer the award, we should honour Willison's memory by
having it as a PSF award.</p>
<p>There has been some discussion about the PSF establishing an awards
program.  S. Holden volunteered to lead this effort.</p>
<p><span class="action">S. Holden will prepare a proposal for a PSF awards program.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id15" id="google-summer-of-code" name="google-summer-of-code">13&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Google Summer of Code</a></h2>
<p>D. Goodger reported that at PyCon James Tauber volunteered to act as
administrator for PSF projects in Google's Summer of Code program, and
Brett Cannon and Neal Norwitz agreed.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id16" id="python-org-mirrors" name="python-org-mirrors">14&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Python.org Mirrors</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel asked: &quot;Can we drop the mirrors list from python.org, or
officially say it's unmaintained?&quot;  The Board agreed that the era for
mirrors is largely past.</p>
<p><span class="action">S. Deibel will begin to dismantle the python.org mirrors
system.  First step: mark the python.org mirrors list as unmaintained
and refuse additions.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id17" id="status-of-member-inventory" name="status-of-member-inventory">15&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Status of Member Inventory</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel asked about the status of the member roster: check email
list, update addresses, etc.  D. Goodger replied that M. von Löwis and
he updated the records prior to PyCon.  Most members could be reached;
those who couldn't, if still unreachable by next year, should convert
to emeritus membership status.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id18" id="reviving-the-grants-program" name="reviving-the-grants-program">16&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Reviving the Grants Program</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel asked if we should look for someone to sign up to lead a new
grants program.  S. Holden asked if &quot;grants&quot; and &quot;awards&quot; should be
distinct (S. Deibel: probably yes).  M. von Löwis proposed that this
discussion be deferred: &quot;It's not clear that members want the PSF to
engage in grants.&quot;</p>
<p><span class="action">D. Goodger will send email to PSF-members about recruiting: a
leader for a new grants program, an Assistant Secretary, and an
Assistant Treasurer.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id19" id="psf-funded-buildbots" name="psf-funded-buildbots">17&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF-Funded BuildBots</a></h2>
<p>S. Holden reported that he spoke with Grig Gheorghiu briefly about
providing buildbots: &quot;The intention should be to provide facilities
for third-party extensions and modules to be able to create tested
Windows builds with reasonably short version lag.  We will discuss
further, and I'll try to rope in some support from Microsoft.&quot;</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id20" id="bylaw-change-survey" name="bylaw-change-survey">18&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Bylaw Change Survey</a></h2>
<p>S. Holden reported that he considers the current PSF bylaws deficient,
and asked if anyone had specific changes to propose.</p>
<p>T. Peters would like to make it possible to do more electronically (by
email, IRC, etc.): &quot;I think that's actually allowed now, but it takes
creative reading to support that view ;-)&quot;.</p>
<p>D. Goodger asked if we are limited by Delaware's corporation laws.
S. Deibel responded that there are very few limits from there.</p>
<p>Since it will probably be very involved and time-consuming,
<span class="action">S. Holden will call for a separate discussion of changes to
the bylaws.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a class="toc-backref" href="#id21" id="adjournment" name="adjournment">19&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Adjournment</a></h2>
<p>S.&nbsp;Deibel adjourned the meeting at 18:03 UTC.</p>
</div>


      </div>

      
      <div id="footer">
	<div id="credits">
 	  <a href="/about/website">Website maintained by the Python community</a><br/>
	  <a href="http://www.xs4all.com/" title="Web and email hosting provided by xs4all, Netherlands">hosting by xs4all</a> /
	  <a href="http://www.pollenation.net/" title="Design and content management system by Pollenation Internet, Yorkshire">design by pollenation</a>
	</div>
	Copyright &copy; 1990-2008, <a href='/psf'>Python Software Foundation</a><br/>
	<a href="/about/legal">Legal Statements</a>
      </div>


    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>






