<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <title>Python Software Foundation: Minutes of Board of Directors Meeting (September 13, 2005)</title>
  <meta name="keywords" content="None" />
  <meta name="description" content="None" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Community Events"
        href="http://www.python.org/channews.rdf" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Recipes"
        href="http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Cookbook/Python/index_rss" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Usergroup News"
        href="http://python-groups.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Screencasts"
        href="http://www.showmedo.com/latestVideoFeed/rss2.0?tag=python" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Podcasts"
        href="http://www.awaretek.com/python/index.xml" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Foundation News"
        href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Enhancement Proposals"
        href="http://www.python.org/dev/peps/peps.rss" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" id="screen-switcher-stylesheet"
        href="/styles/screen-switcher-default.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="sc&#82;een"
        href="/styles/netscape4.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
        href="/styles/print.css" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/largestyles.css" title="large text" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/defaultfonts.css" title="default fonts" />

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search under the www.python.org Domain"
        href="/search-pysite.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Wiki"
        href="/search-pywiki.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within Python Books at Google Book Search"
        href="/search-pybooks.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Documentation"
        href="/search-pydocs.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for a Module in the Standard Library"
        href="/search-pymodules.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for Packages inside the Cheeseshop (PyPI)"
        href="/search-pycheese.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search Archives of the Main Python Mailing List"
        href="/search-pythonlist.xml"/>

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-key-directors-load.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-directors.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-core.js"></script>

</head>


<body>
  <!-- Logo -->
  <h1 id="logoheader">
    <a href="/" id="logolink" accesskey="1"><img id="logo" src="/images/python-logo.gif" alt="homepage" border="0" /></a>
  </h1>
  <!-- Skip to Navigation -->
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#left-hand-navigation" accesskey="2"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptonav" alt="skip to navigation" border="0" /></a></div>
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#content-body" accesskey="3"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptocontent" alt="skip to content" border="0" /></a></div>
  <!-- Utility Menu -->
  <div id="utility-menu">
    <!-- Search Box -->
    <div id="searchbox">
      <form method="get" action="http://google.com/search" id="searchform" name="searchform">
        <div id="search">
          <input type="hidden" id="domains" name="domains" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sitesearch" name="sitesearch" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sourceid" name="sourceid" value="google-search" />
          <input type="text" class="input-text" name="q" id="q" />
          <input type="submit" value="search" class="input-button" name="submit" id="submit" />
          <a href="/search" class="reference">Advanced Search</a>
        </div>
      </form>
    </div>
    <div id="screen-switcher"></div>
  </div>

  <div id="left-hand-navigation">
    <!-- Main Menu -->
    <div id="menu">
      <ul class="level-one">
            <li>
          <a href="/about/" title="About The Python Language">About</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/news/" title="Major Happenings Within the Python Community">News</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/doc/" title="Tutorials, Library Reference, C API">Documentation</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/download/" title="Start Running Python Under Windows, Mac, Linux and Others">Download</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/community/" title="Mailing Lists, Jobs, Conferences, SIGs, Online Chats">Community</a>
        </li>
            <li class="selected">
          <a href="/psf/" title="Python Software Foundation" class="selected">Foundation</a>
	    <ul class="level-two">
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/about/" title="About the Python Software Foundation">About the PSF</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/summary/" title="Executive Summary">Executive Summary</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/mission/">Mission Statement</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/donations/">Donations</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/volunteer/">Volunteer</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/membership/">Membership FAQ</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/sponsorship/">Sponsor Memberships</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/members/">Membership Roster</a>
              </li>
		<li class="selected">
	      <a href="/psf/records/" class="selected">Public Records</a>
		<ul class="level-three">
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/minutes/">Board Meetings</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/resolutions/">Board Resolutions</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/members/">Members' Meetings</a></li>
		</ul>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/committees/">Committees</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/bylaws/">Bylaws</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/trademarks/">Trademark Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/grants/">Grants Program</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonSoftwareFoundation">PSF Wiki</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com">PSF Weblog</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/weblog-policy/">Weblog Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/press-release/">Press Releases</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/forms/">Membership Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/contrib/">Contribution Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/license/">License</a>
              </li>
	    </ul>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/dev/" title="Development of the Python language and website">Core Development</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/links/" title="Pointers to Useful Information">Links</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </div>

    <!-- Quick Links -->
  </div>

  <div id="content-body">
    <div id="body-main">
      <div id="content">
        
          <div id="breadcrumb">
               <a href="/psf/">Foundation</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
               <a href="/psf/records/">Public Records</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
            
            Python Software Foundation: Minutes of Board of Directors Meeting (September 13, 2005)
          </div>



        <!--utf-8--><!--0.4.1--><div class="minutes-title line-block">
<div class="line">The Python Software Foundation</div>
<div class="line">Minutes of a Regular Meeting of the Board of Directors</div>
<div class="line"><br /></div>
<div class="line">September 13, 2005</div>
</div>
<p>A regular meeting of the Python Software Foundation (the &quot;PSF&quot;) Board
of Directors was held over Internet Relay Chat at 17:00 UTC, September
13, 2005.  Stephan Deibel presided at the meeting.</p>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="attendance" name="attendance">1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Attendance</a></h2>
<p>The following members of the Board of Directors were present from the
start of the meeting: Stephan Deibel, Martin von LÃ¶wis, Andrew
Kuchling, Steve Holden.  Board members Tim Peters and David Ascher
joined at 17:40 UTC.  Neil Norwitz (Treasurer), Kurt B. Kaiser
(Assistant Treasurer), and David Goodger (Assistant Secretary) were
also in attendance.  D. Goodger prepared these minutes.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="minutes-of-past-meetings" name="minutes-of-past-meetings">2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Minutes of Past Meetings</a></h2>
<p>The August 2005 minutes were approved by a 3-0-1 vote.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="new-sponsor-member-application" name="new-sponsor-member-application">3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;New Sponsor Member Application</a></h2>
<p>CCP Games has applied for sponsor membership of the PSF.  From their
application:</p>
<blockquote>
Our motivations for joining the PSF is mainly to show our support
for Python and do what we can to help advancing it.  Although we
have not done much with regards to contributing directly to the
programming of Python, we feel that your extensive use of Python
over the past 6 years might be of some use to the PSF.</blockquote>
<p>M. van LÃ¶wis asked if they were aware that support can also be shown
by donating.  Sponsor membership is not required to support the PSF,
and members are expected to come to member meetings.  But the PSF home
page has clearly distinct &quot;donation&quot; &amp; &quot;sponsor membership&quot; links, and
S. Deibel reported that he had sent email to CCP Games stating that</p>
<blockquote>
Sponsors have voting rights and participate in making PSF-level
decisions about Python.</blockquote>
<p>It was then</p>
<blockquote>
RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors recommends CCP Games as a
new Sponsor of the PSF.</blockquote>
<p>Approved 4-0-0.</p>
<p>K. Kaiser then asked if a partial year invoice should be issued, and
if so, effective when.  N. Norwitz replied that such invoices have
been issued in the past.  The date membership is to take effect is
indicated by the applicant on the membership form.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="donor-levels" name="donor-levels">4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Donor Levels</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel noted that M. von LÃ¶wis' concern is valid; the PSF bylaws
&quot;are a bit odd in who ends up having voting rights&quot;.  Companies want
to be sponsors and listed as such for their money.  But &quot;many of them
may not really care that much about voting, or even shouldn't really
be part of the voting core of the PSF.&quot;  All donors are listed
together; there's no clear distinction (no logo displayed, for
example) between $20,000 donors and $10 donors.</p>
<p>After some discussion, the issue was tabled for now.  <span class="task">S. Deibel
will add to the agenda of a future meeting, and may begin discussions
via email before that.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="pycon-2006-sponsorship" name="pycon-2006-sponsorship">5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PyCon 2006 Sponsorship</a></h2>
<p>S. Holden asked for support in seeking larger sponsorship
contributions this year.  PyCon is likely to lose last year's platinum
sponsor, a DC company.  S. Holden is taking sponsorship as his primary
task for PyCon 2006.</p>
<p>S. Deibel reported that the Public Support Committee (PSC) is still
stalled.  He intends to take the opportunity of the PyCon 2006
sponsorship work to make some changes, to the membership and
structure.  <span class="task">The first change is to add S. Holden to the PSC
(S. Deibel).</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="python-org-redesign" name="python-org-redesign">6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Python.org Redesign</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel is concerned that the gap between Tim Parkin's design work
and the actual deployment may be hard to bridge.  M. von LÃ¶wis asked
if more money would help, but it seems to be a matter of time, will,
and knowledge -- somebody who knows the inner workings of the web
site.</p>
<p>S. Holden reported that he has exchanged telephone calls and email
with Tim Parkin on this subject, and Tim has sent an outline of his
approach.  Tim is proposing to work out a deployment plan, starting by
identifying all dynamic portions of the site.  Originally the plan was
to use mod_rewrite to map old URLs onto new pages as they came
onstream, but it seems this may not be a practical approach.  Now Tim
plans to flag existing pages with a specific header, pointing to the
new content.  Later they can be replaced with 301 redirects.</p>
<p>M. von LÃ¶wis asked if we should we try to find volunteers to help Tim,
or do we just wait until he's done it all by himself?  S. Holden
replied that we want to recruit as many of the existing
pydotorg-maintainers as possible, and he plans to write some
documentation to help newbie members of the team.  A. Kuchling noted
that the pydotorg list is seeing little action lately.</p>
<p>M. von LÃ¶wis asked if we can identify fixed-deadline tasks for which
we need volunteers, so they can drop out when they are done with
specific tasks.  S. Holden replied that the plan isn't that detailed
yet, but it needs to be before we start, so Martin's approach is
sound.  S. Deibel suggested that if would help if the plan could
define the areas that need work and essentially have slots for people
to sign up.  <span class="task">S. Holden will encourage Tim to proceed in that
way.  A transition plan will be drafted and sent to the psf-board
mailing list.</span></p>
<p>D. Goodger asked if the new server, dinsdale, could be used for
deploying the new site.  A. Kuchling replied that the current web site
will probably be moved over to the new machine befor the transition
plan is ready.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="infrastructure-committee-status-report" name="infrastructure-committee-status-report">7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Infrastructure Committee Status Report</a></h2>
<p>A. Kuchling reported:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>A Subversion post-commit hook has been completed, that automatically
updates the live site (on dinsdale) when changes are committed.</li>
<li>docs.python.org is now being served from dinsdale.</li>
<li>The PyCon 2006 submission system is running on ximinez.</li>
<li>Only www.python.org (the big one!) remains to be done.
<span class="task">A. Kuchling is targeting the move within the next month,
possibly within the next two weeks.</span></li>
<li>He believes dinsdale.python.org contains all the useful content of
www; but would like someone with root access on both machines to
check it.  Once that's done, perhaps we can turn off creosote (if
it's not doing anything any more).</li>
<li>Max Khesin has assembled a podcast of PyCon 2005 material.  He has
found hosting for the audio at python-hosting.com.  <span class="task">Kuchling
will be working on that</span> (and possibly setting up audio.python.org
also).</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="conference-committee-status-report" name="conference-committee-status-report">8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Conference Committee Status Report</a></h2>
<p>A. Kuchling reported:</p>
<ul>
<li><p class="first">The contract is signed.  He has a copy; does anyone else need a
copy?  (S. Holden mentioned that <span class="task">the Treasurer should have a
copy [A. Kuchling]</span>, since it affects the balance sheet.)</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">The Call For Proposals is posted: <a class="reference" href="http://www.python.org/2006/cfp">http://www.python.org/2006/cfp</a>.
&quot;Please publicize it wherever you like, and please think about
making your own proposals.&quot;</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">The proposal submission system is in beta: <tt class="docutils literal"><span class="pre">http://submit.amk.ca</span></tt>,
at the moment.  Feel free to play with it, submitting fake
proposals, reviewing proposals, etc.  <span class="task">It will be live today
or (more likely) tomorrow</span> (<a class="reference" href="http://submit.pycon.org">http://submit.pycon.org</a>).</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">A draft schedule is now in the main Python wiki:
<a class="reference" href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/ScheduleDraft">http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/ScheduleDraft</a></p>
<p>Any comments on the schedule (especially the PSF member meeting)?
Any thoughts on another PSF event?</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">We should set the registration prices soon.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="grants-committee" name="grants-committee">9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Grants Committee</a></h2>
<p>M. von LÃ¶wis reported:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>Greg Wilson's project is progressing well.</li>
<li>Not sure whether we have received Ilya Etingof's signed contract
yet.  (K. Kaiser reported that it hasn't been received yet, but
email has been exchanged.)  The work is actually mostly done.</li>
<li>No word from Brian Zimmer on setting up a partial contract;
<span class="task">M. von LÃ¶wis will have to contact him again</span>.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="miscellaneous-discussions" name="miscellaneous-discussions">10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Miscellaneous Discussions</a></h2>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="trademarks-the-com-domain" name="trademarks-the-com-domain">10.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Trademarks &amp; The .com Domain</a></h3>
<p>D. Ascher reported that he hasn't forgotten about trademarks.
N. Norwitz mentioned that he never heard much response about being
more aggressive in trying to get python.com.  He asked if the board
cares, and is it worth the effort and cost of asking the lawyer to
try.  T. Peters recalled that CNRI tried pushing for python.com
before, with no luck.  S. Holden remarked that the PSF either has to
pursue this aggressively (which will need deep pockets) or forget it.
He'd like to see the current occupants moved off Python.com, but
doesn't know what the realities are.</p>
<p>M. von LÃ¶wis asked if the PSF lawyer should be asked what he thinks
the chances are?  S. Holden thought it well worth spending a few
dollars on an opinion; specifically, whether failing to pursue them
weakens our hold on the Python trademark, and what the likely costs
and probable outcomes of a range of possible actions would be.
<span class="task">N. Norwitz said he would ask the lawyer.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="open-source-foundations-meeting-at-eurooscon" name="open-source-foundations-meeting-at-eurooscon">10.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Open Source Foundations Meeting at EuroOSCON</a></h3>
<p>D. Ascher mentioned that he has been involved in a group of open
source &amp; related foundations who had a meeting before OSCON.  There's
another meeting coming up at EuroOSCON, in Amsterdam, October 21 &amp; 22.
He asked if any of the board members would attend on behalf of the
PSF.  <span class="task">M. von LÃ¶wis said he would check his availability.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="psf-post-office-box-forwarding" name="psf-post-office-box-forwarding">10.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF Post Office Box Forwarding</a></h3>
<p>M. von LÃ¶wis also expressed concern that mail sent to the PSF post
office box may be lost.  K. Kaiser hasn't seen any problems; he sees
lots of mail forwarded from the mailbox.  S. Holden suggested a test
mailing to confirm.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="ssl-certificates" name="ssl-certificates">10.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SSL Certificates</a></h3>
<p>T. Peters asked if there was any progress on getting Barry Warsaw a
bill with the PSF address, to obtain SSL certificates.  K. Kaiser
replied that Barry has valid concerns regarding an ephemeral address,
but K. Kaiser suspects the PSF official address could be used.
<span class="task">K. Kaiser will check whether he has something with that address
that could be sent to Barry.</span></p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="adjournment" name="adjournment">11&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Adjournment</a></h2>
<p>Stephan Deibel adjourned the meeting at 18:03 UTC.</p>
</div>


      </div>

      
      <div id="footer">
	<div id="credits">
 	  <a href="/about/website">Website maintained by the Python community</a><br/>
	  <a href="http://www.xs4all.com/" title="Web and email hosting provided by xs4all, Netherlands">hosting by xs4all</a> /
	  <a href="http://www.pollenation.net/" title="Design and content management system by Pollenation Internet, Yorkshire">design by pollenation</a>
	</div>
	Copyright &copy; 1990-2008, <a href='/psf'>Python Software Foundation</a><br/>
	<a href="/about/legal">Legal Statements</a>
      </div>


    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>






