<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <title>Python Software Foundation: Minutes of Board of Directors Meeting, November 8, 2005</title>
  <meta name="keywords" content="None" />
  <meta name="description" content="None" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Community Events"
        href="http://www.python.org/channews.rdf" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Recipes"
        href="http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Cookbook/Python/index_rss" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Usergroup News"
        href="http://python-groups.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Screencasts"
        href="http://www.showmedo.com/latestVideoFeed/rss2.0?tag=python" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Podcasts"
        href="http://www.awaretek.com/python/index.xml" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Foundation News"
        href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Enhancement Proposals"
        href="http://www.python.org/dev/peps/peps.rss" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" id="screen-switcher-stylesheet"
        href="/styles/screen-switcher-default.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="sc&#82;een"
        href="/styles/netscape4.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
        href="/styles/print.css" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/largestyles.css" title="large text" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/defaultfonts.css" title="default fonts" />

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search under the www.python.org Domain"
        href="/search-pysite.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Wiki"
        href="/search-pywiki.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within Python Books at Google Book Search"
        href="/search-pybooks.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Documentation"
        href="/search-pydocs.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for a Module in the Standard Library"
        href="/search-pymodules.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for Packages inside the Cheeseshop (PyPI)"
        href="/search-pycheese.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search Archives of the Main Python Mailing List"
        href="/search-pythonlist.xml"/>

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-key-directors-load.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-directors.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-core.js"></script>

</head>


<body>
  <!-- Logo -->
  <h1 id="logoheader">
    <a href="/" id="logolink" accesskey="1"><img id="logo" src="/images/python-logo.gif" alt="homepage" border="0" /></a>
  </h1>
  <!-- Skip to Navigation -->
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#left-hand-navigation" accesskey="2"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptonav" alt="skip to navigation" border="0" /></a></div>
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#content-body" accesskey="3"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptocontent" alt="skip to content" border="0" /></a></div>
  <!-- Utility Menu -->
  <div id="utility-menu">
    <!-- Search Box -->
    <div id="searchbox">
      <form method="get" action="http://google.com/search" id="searchform" name="searchform">
        <div id="search">
          <input type="hidden" id="domains" name="domains" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sitesearch" name="sitesearch" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sourceid" name="sourceid" value="google-search" />
          <input type="text" class="input-text" name="q" id="q" />
          <input type="submit" value="search" class="input-button" name="submit" id="submit" />
          <a href="/search" class="reference">Advanced Search</a>
        </div>
      </form>
    </div>
    <div id="screen-switcher"></div>
  </div>

  <div id="left-hand-navigation">
    <!-- Main Menu -->
    <div id="menu">
      <ul class="level-one">
            <li>
          <a href="/about/" title="About The Python Language">About</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/news/" title="Major Happenings Within the Python Community">News</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/doc/" title="Tutorials, Library Reference, C API">Documentation</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/download/" title="Start Running Python Under Windows, Mac, Linux and Others">Download</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/community/" title="Mailing Lists, Jobs, Conferences, SIGs, Online Chats">Community</a>
        </li>
            <li class="selected">
          <a href="/psf/" title="Python Software Foundation" class="selected">Foundation</a>
	    <ul class="level-two">
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/about/" title="About the Python Software Foundation">About the PSF</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/summary/" title="Executive Summary">Executive Summary</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/mission/">Mission Statement</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/donations/">Donations</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/volunteer/">Volunteer</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/membership/">Membership FAQ</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/sponsorship/">Sponsor Memberships</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/members/">Membership Roster</a>
              </li>
		<li class="selected">
	      <a href="/psf/records/" class="selected">Public Records</a>
		<ul class="level-three">
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/minutes/">Board Meetings</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/resolutions/">Board Resolutions</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/members/">Members' Meetings</a></li>
		</ul>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/committees/">Committees</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/bylaws/">Bylaws</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/trademarks/">Trademark Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/grants/">Grants Program</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonSoftwareFoundation">PSF Wiki</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com">PSF Weblog</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/weblog-policy/">Weblog Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/press-release/">Press Releases</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/forms/">Membership Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/contrib/">Contribution Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/license/">License</a>
              </li>
	    </ul>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/dev/" title="Development of the Python language and website">Core Development</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/links/" title="Pointers to Useful Information">Links</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </div>

    <!-- Quick Links -->
  </div>

  <div id="content-body">
    <div id="body-main">
      <div id="content">
        
          <div id="breadcrumb">
               <a href="/psf/">Foundation</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
               <a href="/psf/records/">Public Records</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
            
            Python Software Foundation: Minutes of Board of Directors Meeting, November 8, 2005
          </div>



        <!--utf-8--><!--0.4.1--><div class="minutes-title line-block">
<div class="line">The Python Software Foundation</div>
<div class="line">Minutes of a Regular Meeting of the Board of Directors</div>
<div class="line"><br /></div>
<div class="line">November 8, 2005</div>
</div>
<p>A regular meeting of the Python Software Foundation (&quot;PSF&quot;) Board of
Directors was held over Internet Relay Chat beginning at 18:08 UTC, 8
November 2005.  Stephan Deibel presided at the meeting.</p>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="attendance" name="attendance">1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Attendance</a></h2>
<p>The following members of the Board of Directors were present at the
meeting: Tim Peters, Stephan Deibel, Andrew Kuchling, David Ascher,
and Jeremy Hylton.  Kurt B. Kaiser (Treasurer), and David Goodger
(Assistant Secretary) were also in attendance.  D. Goodger prepared
these minutes.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="minutes-of-past-meetings" name="minutes-of-past-meetings">2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Minutes of Past Meetings</a></h2>
<p>The October 2005 minutes were approved by a 3-0-2 vote.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="status-of-past-action-items" name="status-of-past-action-items">3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Status of Past Action Items</a></h2>
<p>The following are action items carried forward from the October 2005
meeting, as highlighted in the minutes (Section 3, Status of Past
Action Items):</p>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 4, Donor Levels:
<span class="action">S. Deibel will add the topic of &quot;Donor Levels&quot; to the
agenda of a future meeting, and may begin discussions via email
before that</span> (carried forward).</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 6, Python.org Redesign:
<em>S. Holden hopes to have a transition plan within a couple of
weeks</em> (discussed in <a class="reference" href="#python-org-redesign">Python.org Redesign</a> below).</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 7, Infrastructure Committee
Status Report: <em>A. Kuchling will try to change the www.python.org
DNS in the next day or two.</em></p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 8, Conference Committee
Status Report: <span class="action">A. Kuchling will send a copy of the PyCon
2006 contract to the Treasurer</span> (carried forward).</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 9, Grants Committee:
<span class="action">M. von Löwis will verify whether Brian Zimmer's grant
invoice is the one previously discussed (i.e. a reduced amount of
work, and a reduced payment)</span> (carried forward).</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 10.1, Trademarks &amp; The .com
Domain: <span class="action">N. Norwitz will ask the lawyer about the
python.com domain</span> (carried forward).</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 10.2, Open Source
Foundations Meeting at EuroOSCON: <em>M. von Löwis will report about
the event to psf-board.</em></p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong> (discussed in <a class="reference" href="#open-source-foundations-meeting-at-eurooscon">Open Source Foundations Meeting at
EuroOSCON</a> below).</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>The following action items originated with the October 2005 meeting,
as highlighted in the minutes:</p>
<ol class="arabic" start="8">
<li><p class="first">Section 4, Public Support Committee: <em>N. Norwitz will investigate
setting up a weekly or monthly donation report via email</em>.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 4, Public Support Committee: <span class="action">D. Goodger will
pursue web page and installer donation link ideas</span> (carried
forward).</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 4, Public Support Committee: <em>S. Deibel decided not to
dissolve the PSC, but to change its membership to include
S. Holden, N. Norwitz, and D. Goodger, with himself as chair.</em></p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.  No other PSC action has been taken though.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 5, Ubuntu Development Meeting: <span class="action">D. Goodger will
ask if Ubuntu wants to become a PSF sponsor or donor</span> (carried
forward).</p>
<p>D. Goodger reported that he would be meeting Mark Shuttleworth for
dinner, and would ask then.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 5, Ubuntu Development Meeting: <em>D. Goodger will order a
Python T-shirt for himself from CafePress</em>.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.  D. Goodger attended the community day of the
&quot;Ubuntu Below Zero&quot; developers conference in Montreal, which is
ongoing.  He announced PyCon and distributed PyCon flyers, while
wearing his new T-shirt with the new Python logo.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 5, Ubuntu Development Meeting: <span class="action">Add &quot;swag for
events&quot; to future agenda [D. Goodger]</span> (carried forward).</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 6, Grants Committee: <em>A. Kuchling said he would
add a Grants BoF session to the list for PyCon</em>.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 7, Reserve Funds: <span class="action">K. Kaiser will send a reserve
fund investment proposal to the PSF-board mailing list</span> (carried
forward).</p>
<p>K. Kaiser has discussed the CD plan with the bank, but hasn't
written it up yet.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="python-org-redesign" name="python-org-redesign">4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Python.org Redesign</a></h2>
<p>S. Holden was unable to attend but sent a report by email.  Summary:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>S. Holden met with Tim Parkin in person, and learned how the new
system works in detail.</li>
<li>The new production system now runs on Windows and Linux, allowing
webmasters to test changes locally before committing.</li>
<li><span class="action">To do [S. Holden]:</span><ul>
<li><span class="action">get the new production system to run on Mac OS X;</span></li>
<li><span class="action">detail which parts of the current content have been
transformed for the new system and which parts still require
conversion;</span></li>
<li><span class="action">complete the documentation so that webmaster team members
can use the new system rather than the old one.</span></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Transition strategy: intermingle new content with the old, putting
in redirects to maintain the viability of existing links for a good
long time after the equivalent old content is deleted from the site.</li>
<li>There has been some interest on c.l.py in seeing a public preview of
the new look-and-feel for the site.  S. Holden thinks this would be
a bad idea; the new release should be a reportable event.</li>
<li>Tim Parkin is keen to receive the second half of Pollenation's
payment.  S. Holden believes they deserve it, but indicated that the
appropriate time would be once the new site had been published.
This will help to motivate the project completion and ensure a
speedy handover to the webmaster team.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="open-source-foundations-meeting-at-eurooscon" name="open-source-foundations-meeting-at-eurooscon">5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Open Source Foundations Meeting at EuroOSCON</a></h2>
<p>M. von Löwis was unable to attend but sent a report by email.
Summary:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>M. von Löwis represented the PSF at the Open Source Foundations
Meeting at EuroOSCON, on Oct. 21.  The foundations spoke about their
day-to-day experience, organizational structures, long-term goals
etc.  This was the second such summit (the first one was this July
at OSCON).</li>
<li>There was a formal agenda with points to discuss, but the
introduction of participants took all day, so the interesting
questions were discussed when encountered.</li>
<li>Ideas that von Löwis considered of interest for the PSF were the
handling of grants, and the discussion of trademark policies:<ul>
<li>The Perl Foundation handles grants continuously: people can apply
at any time, through an issue tracker, for small grants.  Every
three months, grants are issued in roughly the amount of donations
received, about $5000 per quarter.  Occasional requests for larger
grants are deal with on a case-by-case basis.</li>
<li>The KDE Foundation, the Gnome Foundation, and the Mozilla
Foundation all have trademark policies.  The PSF could try to
borrow ideas for our own trademark policy.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Other issues discussed:<ul>
<li>involvement of members, and policies for membership</li>
<li>legal standing of the board</li>
<li>registering as a non-profit organization</li>
<li>EU funding</li>
<li>activities that the foundations could pay for (in particular,
writing documentation)</li>
<li>the Open Source Law Center</li>
<li>organizational structure in the various organizations</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>The participants agreed that the event was a worthwhile activity,
and should be repeated.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="funding-of-pycon-attendees" name="funding-of-pycon-attendees">6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Funding of PyCon Attendees</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel asked if the PSF should set aside some money to fund PyCon
attendees.  Last year the board didn't plan ahead and the system was
somewhat unfair.  Only Facundo Batista was funded (airfare, hotel,
food) for PyConDC2005.  Guido van Rossum was also funded, but his case
falls into a different category (BDFL &amp; keynote speaker).</p>
<p>Last year, $2500 was allocated for Guido and $3000 at the conference
committee's discretion.  The amount to allocate this year was
discussed without resolution.  <span class="action">A. Kuchling will discuss
attendee funding with the conference committee and make a proposal to
the board.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="public-support-committee" name="public-support-committee">7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Public Support Committee</a></h2>
<p><span class="action">D. Ascher will ask Bram Cohen (BitTorrent) about PSF
sponsorship.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="trademark-policy" name="trademark-policy">8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Trademark Policy</a></h2>
<p>D. Ascher brought up the PSF's trademark policy.  A wide-ranging
discussion ensued without resolution.  J. Hylton suggested that
D. Ascher discuss a list of general concerns and allowable uses with
Milind Shah and see what he comes up with.  <span class="action">D. Ascher will
probably work with ActiveState's legal person on trademark policy.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="adjournment" name="adjournment">9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Adjournment</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel adjourned the meeting at 19:07 UTC.</p>
</div>


      </div>

      
      <div id="footer">
	<div id="credits">
 	  <a href="/about/website">Website maintained by the Python community</a><br/>
	  <a href="http://www.xs4all.com/" title="Web and email hosting provided by xs4all, Netherlands">hosting by xs4all</a> /
	  <a href="http://www.pollenation.net/" title="Design and content management system by Pollenation Internet, Yorkshire">design by pollenation</a>
	</div>
	Copyright &copy; 1990-2008, <a href='/psf'>Python Software Foundation</a><br/>
	<a href="/about/legal">Legal Statements</a>
      </div>


    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>






