<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <title>Python Software Foundation: Minutes of Board of Directors Meeting, January 10, 2006</title>
  <meta name="keywords" content="None" />
  <meta name="description" content="None" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Community Events"
        href="http://www.python.org/channews.rdf" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Recipes"
        href="http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Cookbook/Python/index_rss" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Usergroup News"
        href="http://python-groups.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Screencasts"
        href="http://www.showmedo.com/latestVideoFeed/rss2.0?tag=python" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Podcasts"
        href="http://www.awaretek.com/python/index.xml" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Foundation News"
        href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Enhancement Proposals"
        href="http://www.python.org/dev/peps/peps.rss" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" id="screen-switcher-stylesheet"
        href="/styles/screen-switcher-default.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="sc&#82;een"
        href="/styles/netscape4.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
        href="/styles/print.css" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/largestyles.css" title="large text" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/defaultfonts.css" title="default fonts" />

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search under the www.python.org Domain"
        href="/search-pysite.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Wiki"
        href="/search-pywiki.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within Python Books at Google Book Search"
        href="/search-pybooks.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Documentation"
        href="/search-pydocs.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for a Module in the Standard Library"
        href="/search-pymodules.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for Packages inside the Cheeseshop (PyPI)"
        href="/search-pycheese.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search Archives of the Main Python Mailing List"
        href="/search-pythonlist.xml"/>

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-key-directors-load.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-directors.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-core.js"></script>

</head>


<body>
  <!-- Logo -->
  <h1 id="logoheader">
    <a href="/" id="logolink" accesskey="1"><img id="logo" src="/images/python-logo.gif" alt="homepage" border="0" /></a>
  </h1>
  <!-- Skip to Navigation -->
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#left-hand-navigation" accesskey="2"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptonav" alt="skip to navigation" border="0" /></a></div>
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#content-body" accesskey="3"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptocontent" alt="skip to content" border="0" /></a></div>
  <!-- Utility Menu -->
  <div id="utility-menu">
    <!-- Search Box -->
    <div id="searchbox">
      <form method="get" action="http://google.com/search" id="searchform" name="searchform">
        <div id="search">
          <input type="hidden" id="domains" name="domains" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sitesearch" name="sitesearch" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sourceid" name="sourceid" value="google-search" />
          <input type="text" class="input-text" name="q" id="q" />
          <input type="submit" value="search" class="input-button" name="submit" id="submit" />
          <a href="/search" class="reference">Advanced Search</a>
        </div>
      </form>
    </div>
    <div id="screen-switcher"></div>
  </div>

  <div id="left-hand-navigation">
    <!-- Main Menu -->
    <div id="menu">
      <ul class="level-one">
            <li>
          <a href="/about/" title="About The Python Language">About</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/news/" title="Major Happenings Within the Python Community">News</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/doc/" title="Tutorials, Library Reference, C API">Documentation</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/download/" title="Start Running Python Under Windows, Mac, Linux and Others">Download</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/community/" title="Mailing Lists, Jobs, Conferences, SIGs, Online Chats">Community</a>
        </li>
            <li class="selected">
          <a href="/psf/" title="Python Software Foundation" class="selected">Foundation</a>
	    <ul class="level-two">
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/about/" title="About the Python Software Foundation">About the PSF</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/summary/" title="Executive Summary">Executive Summary</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/mission/">Mission Statement</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/donations/">Donations</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/volunteer/">Volunteer</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/membership/">Membership FAQ</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/sponsorship/">Sponsor Memberships</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/members/">Membership Roster</a>
              </li>
		<li class="selected">
	      <a href="/psf/records/" class="selected">Public Records</a>
		<ul class="level-three">
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/minutes/">Board Meetings</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/resolutions/">Board Resolutions</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/members/">Members' Meetings</a></li>
		</ul>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/committees/">Committees</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/bylaws/">Bylaws</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/trademarks/">Trademark Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/grants/">Grants Program</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonSoftwareFoundation">PSF Wiki</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com">PSF Weblog</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/weblog-policy/">Weblog Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/press-release/">Press Releases</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/forms/">Membership Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/contrib/">Contribution Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/license/">License</a>
              </li>
	    </ul>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/dev/" title="Development of the Python language and website">Core Development</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/links/" title="Pointers to Useful Information">Links</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </div>

    <!-- Quick Links -->
  </div>

  <div id="content-body">
    <div id="body-main">
      <div id="content">
        
          <div id="breadcrumb">
               <a href="/psf/">Foundation</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
               <a href="/psf/records/">Public Records</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
            
            Python Software Foundation: Minutes of Board of Directors Meeting, January 10, 2006
          </div>



        <!--utf-8--><!--0.4.1--><div class="minutes-title line-block">
<div class="line">The Python Software Foundation</div>
<div class="line">Minutes of a Regular Meeting of the Board of Directors</div>
<div class="line"><br /></div>
<div class="line">January 10, 2006</div>
</div>
<p>A regular meeting of the Python Software Foundation (&quot;PSF&quot;) Board of
Directors was held over Internet Relay Chat beginning at 18:00 UTC, 10
January 2006.  Stephan Deibel presided at the meeting.</p>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="attendance" name="attendance">1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Attendance</a></h2>
<p>The following members of the Board of Directors were present at the
meeting: Stephan Deibel, Martin von LÃ¶wis, Andrew Kuchling, Tim
Peters, and David Ascher (arrived at 18:45).  Also in attendance were
Kurt B. Kaiser (Treasurer), Neal Norwitz (Assistant Treasurer), and
David Goodger (Assistant Secretary).  D. Goodger prepared these
minutes.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="minutes-of-past-meetings" name="minutes-of-past-meetings">2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Minutes of Past Meetings</a></h2>
<p>The December 2005 minutes were approved by a 4-0-1 vote.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="status-of-past-action-items" name="status-of-past-action-items">3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Status of Past Action Items</a></h2>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="follow-up-required" name="follow-up-required">3.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Follow-Up Required</a></h3>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li>Originally from November 2005, follow-up from December 2005:
<span class="followup">Mark Shuttleworth (Ubuntu/Canonical) on PSF sponsorship
or donation.</span></li>
<li>Originally from November 2005, follow-up from December 2005:
<span class="followup">Bram Cohen (BitTorrent) on PSF sponsorship or donation.</span></li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="in-progress" name="in-progress">3.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In Progress</a></h3>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li>Originally from September 2005, Section 10.1, Trademarks &amp; The .com
Domain: <span class="progress">N. Norwitz will ask the lawyer about the
python.com domain.</span>  He has been in contact with the lawyer.</li>
<li>Originally from November 2005, Section 4, Python.org Redesign
(S. Holden):<ul class="progress">
<li>get the new production system to run on Mac OS X;</li>
<li>detail which parts of the current content have been transformed
for the new system and which parts still require conversion;</li>
<li>complete the documentation so that webmaster team members can use
the new system rather than the old one.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="carried-forward" name="carried-forward">3.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Carried Forward</a></h3>
<p>The following are action items carried forward from the December 2005
meeting, as highlighted in the minutes (Section 3, Status of Past
Action Items):</p>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 4, Donor Levels:
<span class="action">S. Deibel will add the topic of &quot;Donor Levels&quot; to the
agenda of a future meeting, and may begin discussions via email
before that.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from September 2005, Section 9, Grants Committee:
<span class="action">M. von LÃ¶wis will verify whether Brian Zimmer's grant
invoice is the one previously discussed (i.e. a reduced amount of
work, and a reduced payment).</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.  See <a class="reference" href="#grants-committee">Grants Committee</a> below.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 4, Public Support Committee:
<span class="action">D. Goodger will pursue web page and installer donation
link ideas.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 5, Ubuntu Development
Meeting: <span class="action">Add &quot;swag for events&quot; to future agenda
[D. Goodger].</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from October 2005, Section 7, Reserve Funds:
<span class="action">K. Kaiser will send a reserve fund investment proposal to
the PSF-board mailing list.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Originally from November 2005, Section 8, Trademark Policy:
<span class="action">D. Ascher will probably work with ActiveState's legal
person on trademark policy.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h3><a id="new-in-december" name="new-in-december">3.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;New in December</a></h3>
<p>The following action items originated with the December 2005 meeting,
as highlighted in the minutes:</p>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Section 4, Python.org Redesign: S. Holden said he would speak with
Tim Parkin and they would contact A. Kuchling about setting up a
publicly-visible test server.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.  A. Kuchling reports that a publicly visible
test server exists at <a class="reference" href="http://beta.python.org">http://beta.python.org</a>.  Committing changes
to the SVN repository causes the beta.python.org site to be
updated.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 4, Python.org Redesign: S. Holden said that he would see if
Tim Parkin is available for an IRC sprint.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.  D. Goodger reported that the IRC sprint
happened, and work is ongoing.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 4, Python.org Redesign: <span class="action">S. Holden said that he
would be responsible for making sure that documentation is
available for the new python.org system.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.  S. Deibel reports that he has edited
the docs based on his experiences and believes they are reasonable
for someone to get up and running with the new pydotorg on Linux at
least (psf.pollenation.net and pyramid.pollenation.net).</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 6, PSF Member Meeting: <span class="action">J. Hylton took on the task
of finding someone to send out member meeting notices &amp; proxy
forms.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 6, PSF Member Meeting: <span class="progress">M. von LÃ¶wis volunteered
to ensure that the necessary steps are taken for the member
meeting.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>in progress</strong>.  M. von LÃ¶wis reports that he created the
various forms, and posted an email invitation.  <span class="action">We should
set a deadline for closing the absentee ballot.</span></p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 6, PSF Member Meeting: S. Deibel volunteered to send email
to psf-members to ask people to do new member nominations.</p>
<p>Status: <strong>done</strong>.  See <a class="reference" href="#psf-members-meeting">PSF Members' Meeting</a> below.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 6, PSF Member Meeting: <span class="action">J. Hylton pledged to
complete the minutes for the 2005 PSF member meeting.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 7, PSF BoF Sessions: <span class="action">A. Kuchling promised to write
to Chris DiBona and Greg Stein and ask about their attendance at
PyCon and possible BoF participation.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.  A. Kuchling emailed DiBona &amp; Stein
about the Summer of Code panel; they replied, but the answer was
basically &quot;ask again later&quot;.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 7, PSF BoF Sessions: <span class="action">M. von LÃ¶wis agreed to see if
the grant recipients (Greg Wilson, Brian Zimmer, and/or Ilya
Etingof) will be at PyCon, and ask them to report on what they've
done.</span></p>
<p>Status: <strong>carried forward</strong>.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="conference-committee" name="conference-committee">4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Conference Committee</a></h2>
<p>A. Kuchling posted a status report to the PSF-board mailing list just
prior to the meeting:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Current status of PyCon: 205 registrants.  The spreadsheet
indicates that this means a loss of around $23K.  Break-even is
calculated to be around 250 registrants.</p>
<p>Jeff Rush did get the hotel to lower the food price from
$42/person to $30; this is taken into account in the above figure.
Another sponsor or two have appeared; they haven't been taken into
account yet, but they won't change the picture very much.</p>
<p>We aren't currently filling our room block, and therefore will be
paying penalty fees on rooms and on food.</p>
<p>(The penalty fee is just the cost of the rooms for that night.  We
should therefore consider booking rooms for keynote speakers, PSF
board members, etc.; if the PSF is paying the cost of X rooms, we
might as well get something for the money.)</p>
<p>Tutorial registrations are healthy: 136 seats have been filled (I
don't know how many people that is, because people can register
for 1 or 2 spots).  I estimate about $3000 profit from the
tutorials at this time.</p>
<p>Lengthening the early-bird brought in about 15 more registrations
so far, so it didn't make a huge difference.  We'll raise prices
on the 15th as planned.</p>
<p>Current actions: more last-minute publicity.  I wrote an Advogato
post, and submitted a slashdot story; will send out more
announcements in hope of attracting more people; will send note to
2005 attendees asking why they aren't attending (location, date,
cost, program?); preparing some banner ads.  Jeff Rush will try to
publicize more among local groups.</p>
<p>Issue for discussion: should we tell the community about the
shortfall?  Maybe people will rethink registering, or help
publicize more.  Maybe it's too whiny.</p>
<p>Issue for discussion: given that we've signed a 2-year contract,
what do we do for 2007?  Options I can think of:</p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li>Try to be released from the contract.  This is only worth doing
if it's free.  If we have to pay the $70000 penalty, it's
better to give the conference and take the smaller 20K loss.</li>
<li>Reduce the contract numbers to ~200-250, so that the total
costs are cheaper and we actually meet our numbers.</li>
<li>Keep the numbers the same, and try to do better on publicity to
reduce the loss.  I made various mistakes -- most notably a
delay in getting the schedule posted -- but it's not clear if
that delay is responsible for the poor registration.</li>
</ol>
<p>Other suggestions?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>S. Deibel asked A. Kuchling about the status of the funding we
approved for helping people to attend PyCon: &quot;Have you had any
responses to your posting?&quot;  A. Kuchling replied that five or six
requests for funding had been received.</p>
<p>N. Norwitz suggested that we need to publicize the Feb. 1 hotel
reservation deadline.  S. Deibel agreed, noting that in addition to
the lower room rate, &quot;We should make clear that reservations after Feb
1st don't count for us so making them before saves the PSF $89/nite or
whatever it is.&quot;</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="psf-members-meeting" name="psf-members-meeting">5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF Members' Meeting</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel reported that he sent email asking for member and director
nominations and will follow up and keep the list of those nominated.
All directors present confirmed their candidacy for director; the
other two directors (Steve Holden and Jeremy Hylton) were to be
confirmed.  David Goodger and Brett Cannon had also been nominated for
director.</p>
<p>M. von LÃ¶wis asked about converting members into emeritus status,
noting that we don't have to do this (since it was done last year, it
isn't critical this year).  S. Deibel replied that Jeremy Hylton took
care of looking at records for emeritus conversion last year.  It was
agreed to forget about this.</p>
<p>S. Deibel expressed concern that the minutes from the 2005 members'
meeting were not in the repository.  D. Goodger noted that J. Hylton
has promised to produce the minutes, and there is a draft dated March
27 2005 in the PSF-Members mailing list archives.  M. von LÃ¶wis noted
that the attendance of previous years' meetings were also missing.
S. Deibel noted his general feeling that &quot;Jeremy continues to be too
busy to really carry out his job [secretary] in a timely
fashion...  And secretary is pretty darn important as we find out at
moments like this. ... We do need to fix the records issue, at least
going forward.&quot;</p>
<p>S. Deibel brought up deadlines.  M. von LÃ¶wis suggested January 30th
for sending out snail mail invitations to PSF members; S. Deibel
agreed.  A. Kuchling volunteered to help with mailing to
U.S. addresses.</p>
<p>S. Deibel also suggested January 30th as the deadline for the agenda
and nominations.  T. Peters noted that the bylaws state that for a
regular meeting, the notice is only required to state &quot;the place, date
and hour of the meeting&quot;.  M. von LÃ¶wis noted that all forms are sent
to the same address, and then distributed.  Absentees are requested to
also email the recipient, first confirming their presence.  Proxy
forms must be received one week in advance of the meeting.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="grants-committee" name="grants-committee">6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Grants Committee</a></h2>
<p>M. von LÃ¶wis noted that Brian Zimmer did not complete the Jython
project, and we still need to determine what fraction was done and
what the payment should be.  Brian had suggested that Frank Wierzbicki
get the remaining money, since he is doing the remaining work.  M. von
LÃ¶wis asked if the board would agree to a procedure where Frank gets a
separate contract.  There was agreement in general, but discussion
ensued regarding the amount of the split, and how it was to be worded.</p>
<blockquote>
RESOLVED, that the total amount previously authorized by the Board
to be paid to Brian Zimmer as part of his Jython grant be split
between Brian Zimmer and Frank Wierzbicki, in proportion to be
decided by the Grants Committee.</blockquote>
<p>Approved 5-0-0.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="adjournment" name="adjournment">7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Adjournment</a></h2>
<p>S.&nbsp;Deibel adjourned the meeting at 19:04 UTC.</p>
</div>


      </div>

      
      <div id="footer">
	<div id="credits">
 	  <a href="/about/website">Website maintained by the Python community</a><br/>
	  <a href="http://www.xs4all.com/" title="Web and email hosting provided by xs4all, Netherlands">hosting by xs4all</a> /
	  <a href="http://www.pollenation.net/" title="Design and content management system by Pollenation Internet, Yorkshire">design by pollenation</a>
	</div>
	Copyright &copy; 1990-2008, <a href='/psf'>Python Software Foundation</a><br/>
	<a href="/about/legal">Legal Statements</a>
      </div>


    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>






