<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <title>Python Software Foundation: Minutes of Board of Directors Meeting, October 11, 2005 (Draft)</title>
  <meta name="keywords" content="None" />
  <meta name="description" content="None" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Community Events"
        href="http://www.python.org/channews.rdf" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Recipes"
        href="http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Cookbook/Python/index_rss" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Usergroup News"
        href="http://python-groups.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Screencasts"
        href="http://www.showmedo.com/latestVideoFeed/rss2.0?tag=python" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Podcasts"
        href="http://www.awaretek.com/python/index.xml" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Foundation News"
        href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Python Enhancement Proposals"
        href="http://www.python.org/dev/peps/peps.rss" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" id="screen-switcher-stylesheet"
        href="/styles/screen-switcher-default.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="sc&#82;een"
        href="/styles/netscape4.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
        href="/styles/print.css" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/largestyles.css" title="large text" />
  <link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
        href="/styles/defaultfonts.css" title="default fonts" />

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search under the www.python.org Domain"
        href="/search-pysite.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Wiki"
        href="/search-pywiki.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within Python Books at Google Book Search"
        href="/search-pybooks.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search within the Python Documentation"
        href="/search-pydocs.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for a Module in the Standard Library"
        href="/search-pymodules.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search for Packages inside the Cheeseshop (PyPI)"
        href="/search-pycheese.xml"/>

  <link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"
        title="Search Archives of the Main Python Mailing List"
        href="/search-pythonlist.xml"/>

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-key-directors-load.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-directors.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/js/iotbs2-core.js"></script>

</head>


<body>
  <!-- Logo -->
  <h1 id="logoheader">
    <a href="/" id="logolink" accesskey="1"><img id="logo" src="/images/python-logo.gif" alt="homepage" border="0" /></a>
  </h1>
  <!-- Skip to Navigation -->
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#left-hand-navigation" accesskey="2"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptonav" alt="skip to navigation" border="0" /></a></div>
  <div class="skiptonav"><a href="#content-body" accesskey="3"><img src="/images/trans.gif" id="skiptocontent" alt="skip to content" border="0" /></a></div>
  <!-- Utility Menu -->
  <div id="utility-menu">
    <!-- Search Box -->
    <div id="searchbox">
      <form method="get" action="http://google.com/search" id="searchform" name="searchform">
        <div id="search">
          <input type="hidden" id="domains" name="domains" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sitesearch" name="sitesearch" value="www.python.org" />
          <input type="hidden" id="sourceid" name="sourceid" value="google-search" />
          <input type="text" class="input-text" name="q" id="q" />
          <input type="submit" value="search" class="input-button" name="submit" id="submit" />
          <a href="/search" class="reference">Advanced Search</a>
        </div>
      </form>
    </div>
    <div id="screen-switcher"></div>
  </div>

  <div id="left-hand-navigation">
    <!-- Main Menu -->
    <div id="menu">
      <ul class="level-one">
            <li>
          <a href="/about/" title="About The Python Language">About</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/news/" title="Major Happenings Within the Python Community">News</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/doc/" title="Tutorials, Library Reference, C API">Documentation</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/download/" title="Start Running Python Under Windows, Mac, Linux and Others">Download</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/community/" title="Mailing Lists, Jobs, Conferences, SIGs, Online Chats">Community</a>
        </li>
            <li class="selected">
          <a href="/psf/" title="Python Software Foundation" class="selected">Foundation</a>
	    <ul class="level-two">
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/about/" title="About the Python Software Foundation">About the PSF</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/summary/" title="Executive Summary">Executive Summary</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/mission/">Mission Statement</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/donations/">Donations</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/volunteer/">Volunteer</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/membership/">Membership FAQ</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/sponsorship/">Sponsor Memberships</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/members/">Membership Roster</a>
              </li>
		<li class="selected">
	      <a href="/psf/records/" class="selected">Public Records</a>
		<ul class="level-three">
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/minutes/">Board Meetings</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/board/resolutions/">Board Resolutions</a></li>
		  <li><a href="/psf/records/members/">Members' Meetings</a></li>
		</ul>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/committees/">Committees</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/bylaws/">Bylaws</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/trademarks/">Trademark Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/grants/">Grants Program</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonSoftwareFoundation">PSF Wiki</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="http://pyfound.blogspot.com">PSF Weblog</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/weblog-policy/">Weblog Policy</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/press-release/">Press Releases</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/forms/">Membership Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/contrib/">Contribution Forms</a>
              </li>
		<li>
	      <a href="/psf/license/">License</a>
              </li>
	    </ul>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/dev/" title="Development of the Python language and website">Core Development</a>
        </li>
            <li>
          <a href="/links/" title="Pointers to Useful Information">Links</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </div>

    <!-- Quick Links -->
  </div>

  <div id="content-body">
    <div id="body-main">
      <div id="content">
        
          <div id="breadcrumb">
               <a href="/psf/">Foundation</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
               <a href="/psf/records/">Public Records</a>
               <span class="breadcrumb-separator">&gt;</span>
            
            Python Software Foundation: Minutes of Board of Directors Meeting, October 11, 2005 (Draft)
          </div>



        <!--utf-8--><!--0.4.1--><div class="minutes-title line-block">
<div class="line">The Python Software Foundation</div>
<div class="line">Minutes of a Regular Meeting of the Board of Directors</div>
<div class="line">(Draft)</div>
<div class="line"><br /></div>
<div class="line">October 11, 2005</div>
</div>
<p>A regular meeting of the Python Software Foundation (the &quot;PSF&quot;) Board
of Directors was held over Internet Relay Chat beginning at 17:15 UTC,
11 October 2005.  Martin von Löwis presided at the meeting.</p>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="attendance" name="attendance">1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Attendance</a></h2>
<p>The following members of the Board of Directors were present at the
meeting: Martin von Löwis, Andrew Kuchling, Steve Holden, Tim Peters,
and Stephan Deibel.  Neal Norwitz (Treasurer), Kurt B. Kaiser
(Assistant Treasurer), and David Goodger (Assistant Secretary) were
also in attendance.  D. Goodger prepared these minutes.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="minutes-of-past-meetings" name="minutes-of-past-meetings">2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Minutes of Past Meetings</a></h2>
<p>The September 2005 minutes were approved by a 5-0-0 vote.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="status-of-past-action-items" name="status-of-past-action-items">3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Status of Past Action Items</a></h2>
<p>The following are action items from the September 2005 meeting, as
highlighted in the minutes.  The referenced sections are from the
September minutes.</p>
<ol class="arabic">
<li><p class="first">Section 4, Donor Levels: <em>S. Deibel will add [this topic] to the
agenda of a future meeting, and may begin discussions via email
before that.</em></p>
<p><span class="action">S. Deibel reported that this discussion is still in the
future.</span></p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 5, PyCon 2006 Sponsorship: <em>The first change is to add
S. Holden to the PSC (S. Deibel).</em></p>
<p>Discussed below, under <a class="reference" href="#public-support-committee">Public Support Committee</a>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 6, Python.org Redesign: <em>S. Holden will encourage Tim
[Parkin] to proceed in [the] way [described in the September
minutes].  A transition plan will be drafted and sent to the
psf-board mailing list.</em></p>
<p>S. Holden reported that he and A. Kuchling had some discussions
with Tim Parkin.  S. Holden and Tim are meeting face to face to
discuss this on Friday.  <span class="action">S. Holden hopes to have a
transition plan within a couple of weeks.</span></p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 7, Infrastructure Committee Status Report:</p>
<ul>
<li><p class="first"><em>A. Kuchling is targeting the move [of www.python.org to a new
server] within the next month, possibly within the next two
weeks.</em></p>
<p>A. Kuchling reported that the move didn't happen yet.  <span class="action">He
will try to change the www.python.org DNS in the next day or
two.</span></p>
</li>
<li><p class="first"><em>Kuchling will be working on [setting up a PyCon 2005 audio
repository].</em></p>
<p>A. Kuchling reported that this is done.  It ended up as a wiki
page: <a class="reference" href="http://wiki.python.org/moin/Audio">http://wiki.python.org/moin/Audio</a>.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 8, Conference Committee Status Report:</p>
<ul>
<li><p class="first"><em>The Treasurer should have a copy [of the PyCon 2006 contract]
[A. Kuchling].</em></p>
<p>A. Kuchling reported that he has yet to do this.  <span class="action">He
will try to send a copy of the PyCon 2006 contract this week.</span></p>
</li>
<li><p class="first"><em>[The proposal submission system] will be live today or (more
likely) tomorrow [A. Kuchling].</em></p>
<p>A. Kuchling reported that this is done, at
<a class="reference" href="http://submit.pycon.org">http://submit.pycon.org</a>.  We already have 8 submissions.  The
deadline is still October 31.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 9, Grants Committee: <em>M. von Löwis will have to contact
[Brian Zimmer] again.</em></p>
<p>M. von Löwis reported that he didn't actually contact Brian, but
Brian sent in an invoice on his own.  <span class="action">M. von Löwis will
verify whether this is the invoice previously discussed (i.e. a
reduced amount of work, and a reduced payment).</span></p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 10.1, Trademarks &amp; The .com Domain: <em>N. Norwitz said he
would ask the lawyer.</em></p>
<p><span class="action">N. Norwitz reported that he hasn't done this yet, but
still plans to ask the lawyer about the python.com domain.</span></p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 10.2, Open Source Foundations Meeting at EuroOSCON: <em>M. von
Löwis said he would check his availability [to attend; Amsterdam,
October 21 &amp; 22].</em></p>
<p>M. von Löwis reported that he has booked a flight, but <span class="action">he
still needs to get his employer's approval</span>.  He talked to the
organizers, and <span class="action">will report about the event to psf-board</span>.</p>
</li>
<li><p class="first">Section 10.4, SSL Certificates: <em>K. Kaiser will check whether he
has something with [the PSF's official] address that could be sent
to Barry [Warsaw].</em></p>
<p>K. Kaiser reported that this is done.  There were issues with the
address on the registration, but he was able to update the billing
and admin addresses.  A. Kuchling reported that Barry Warsaw now
has an SSL certificate for svn.python.org.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="public-support-committee" name="public-support-committee">4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Public Support Committee</a></h2>
<p>S. Deibel reported that the PSC may be dead, and he wanted to discuss
how to proceed.  The PSC's function is a critical part of the PSF but
the committee is clearly dysfunctional; dissolving it may be a good
idea.  There was no real interest from a mailing to psf-volunteers.
The only offers for help came from S. Holden and N. Norwitz.  If the
PSC is dead, adding S. Holden as a member would make no sense.</p>
<p>M. von Löwis noted that the PSC &quot;owns&quot; a lot of infrastructure, like
the PayPal account.  If the PSC is dissolved, how would this be
maintained?  Would the Treasurer deal with all of it?  S. Deibel
replied that the PSC hasn't really been maintaining anything even if
it is supposed to have been; K. Kaiser and to some extent S. Deibel
himself have been dealing with these.</p>
<p>S. Holden noted that he would like the PSC's help with setting up
sponsorship alternatives for PyCon.  He needs to get started on PyCon
sponsorship this week, whatever happens to the PSC.</p>
<p>M. von Löwis asked if people are donating, through PayPal &amp;
SourceForge.  S. Deibel replied that people do donate sometimes.
Donations have been dropping off steadily lately and are sometimes $0
for a whole week.  S. Holden noted that there was a nice donation
today, though: $20,000 from Google.</p>
<p>N. Norwitz asked if the weekly donation report should be sent to the
board as well.  K. Kaiser noted that the monthly Treasurer's report
does not contain a figure for donations.  N. Norwitz noted that the
income report does include this information though.
<span class="action">N. Norwitz said he would investigate setting up a weekly or
monthly donation report via email.</span></p>
<p>D. Goodger asked if there was any advantage to dissolution.  The PSF
would start with a clean slate, but would that be any better?  He
suggested that the PSC just remain dormant until more volunteer
bandwidth becomes available.  M. von Löwis agreed, noting that the PSC
is not impeding anybody.</p>
<p>K. Kaiser asked what has been done in the past to increase donations.
D. Goodger replied that PyCon will raise awareness, and offered the
following ideas:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>There is no donation link from the download page.  Adding one could
bring in more donations from satisfied customers.</li>
<li>A mention of the PSF and donations in Python release announcements
wouldn't hurt.</li>
<li>Perhaps even a link in the installer, if it's not too big a deal.</li>
</ul>
<p>S. Deibel thought these good ideas, and asked if D. Goodger was
volunteering for the new PSC.  <span class="action">D. Goodger agreed, and also
agreed to pursue the ideas above.</span></p>
<p><span class="action">S. Deibel decided not to dissolve the PSC, but to change its
membership to include S. Holden, N. Norwitz, and D. Goodger, with
himself as chair.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="ubuntu-development-meeting" name="ubuntu-development-meeting">5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Ubuntu Development Meeting</a></h2>
<p>D. Goodger reported that the Ubuntu GNU/Linux distribution project
will be holding their twice-annual development meeting in Montreal
from the end of October.  He plans to attend the first day (&quot;Ubuntu
Love Day&quot;) on behalf of the PSF.  Ubuntu uses Python extensively, as
does founder Mark Shuttleworth, who is also extremely wealthy.
<span class="action">D. Goodger will see if Ubuntu wants to become a sponsor or
donor.</span></p>
<p>S. Deibel noted that we should be sure to tell sponsors they can
donate on top of sponsorship; they should not feel obliged to limit
their donation to the $2000 sponsor member fee.</p>
<p>A. Kuchling asked if any supplies were needed.  S. Deibel suggested
T-shirts with the new Python logo.  <span class="action">D. Goodger said that he
would order one for himself from CafePress.</span>  It was a bit short
notice to make more available as swag though.  <span class="action">Perhaps swag
for events is something to discuss in future [D. Goodger].</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="grants-committee" name="grants-committee">6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Grants Committee</a></h2>
<p>M. von Löwis asked if the PSF should proceed with another round of
grants in the next few months.  He noted that the PyCon
worst-case-scenario commitment would not allow for grants.  He also
noted that he doesn't have the bandwidth to do much work on another
round of grants, but with volunteers to delegate to, he could continue
chairing the committee.  He underestimated the follow-up work
(contracts, review of reports, etc.).  N. Norwitz said he <em>might</em> be
able to help more next time.  He also noted that he might also be able
to get some Google resources, if we know exactly what we want/need.</p>
<p>S. Deibel suggested that we wait until after PyCon; to wait for
financial stability and to wait for more people having time.
A. Kuchling suggested that once we have sponsorship commitments for
PyCon, we can revisit this.</p>
<p>N. Norwitz asked if it would help to have a long proposal submission
window, like 3 months.  S. Deibel replied that 3 months is probably
OK, but it might be hard for people to wait so long for a decision if
they need the money and would make other plans if rejected.</p>
<p>D. Goodger suggested there be a PSF grants session at PyCon.  [He
meant a session about how to apply for grants and how to write grant
proposals.]  S. Holden suggested that we offer grantees a free place
at PyCon as a bonus, possibly in exchange for a progress report
session.  Perhaps a 30-minute session (3 x 10 minutes) on grants
project feedback.  <span class="action">A. Kuchling said he would add a Grants BoF
session to the list for PyCon.</span></p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="reserve-funds" name="reserve-funds">7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Reserve Funds</a></h2>
<p>S. Holden raised the question of setting aside some funds for a
reserve.  He noted that we have almost $200,000 on hand, and asked
what interest we are getting.  K. Kaiser replied that we're receiving
$200 to $300 per month, or about 1% per annum.  S. Holden suggested
that the Foundation is now in a position to earmark part of that as a
reserve, say $100,000, to be placed in an account with a higher rate
of interest.  This account could be less liquid (perhaps with 3-month
access), but would obviously still count as an asset on the balance
sheet.  K. Kaiser suggested CDs at Suntrust.  M. von Löwis noted that
setting this up would be volunteer time, which he values higher than
interest.  K. Kaiser noted that it's not a problem, and that he had
already discussed it with the bank.</p>
<p>D. Goodger asked if this needed a board resolution.  It was the
consensus that it is within the power of the Treasurer to make this
decision, and that a formal resolution was not required.  N. Norwitz
(the Treasurer) noted that it would still be nice to have a plan, with
general agreement, before implementation.  S. Holden opined that the
disposition of funds where they are less than immediately available
should be approved by the Board as a whole even if it's not strictly
necessary -- we don't want to make the Treasurer solely responsible.</p>
<p>M. von Löwis and S. Holden asked K. Kaiser if he could come up with a
proposal.  <span class="action">K. Kaiser replied that he would send a proposal to
the psf-board list.</span>  He also noted that since it doesn't need formal
approval, a favorable discussion on the list would suffice.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="psf-weblog" name="psf-weblog">8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PSF Weblog</a></h2>
<p>A. Kuchling asked if he could post a request for an editor for the PSF
weblog to the psf-volunteers list.  S. Deibel noted that anyone with
PSF business can use the psf-volunteers list.</p>
</div>
<div class="section">
<h2><a id="adjournment" name="adjournment">9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Adjournment</a></h2>
<p>M. von Löwis adjourned the meeting at 18:03 UTC.</p>
</div>


      </div>

      
      <div id="footer">
	<div id="credits">
 	  <a href="/about/website">Website maintained by the Python community</a><br/>
	  <a href="http://www.xs4all.com/" title="Web and email hosting provided by xs4all, Netherlands">hosting by xs4all</a> /
	  <a href="http://www.pollenation.net/" title="Design and content management system by Pollenation Internet, Yorkshire">design by pollenation</a>
	</div>
	Copyright &copy; 1990-2008, <a href='/psf'>Python Software Foundation</a><br/>
	<a href="/about/legal">Legal Statements</a>
      </div>


    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>






